Looking forward to 's "Intro to DeepMind's Gemini, Images, and AI Studio" here at
Good start to the morning at before I head over to
RT fuck Vercel
And an awesome one at that, Tierney!! 💙🤘
RT Idiocracy (Started as a fun movie, turned into a documentary)
My youngest (only kid actively at home now) is on a school trip, and I let him drive to the airport at 415a. I took these cool pics of the fog over the Kansas City, Kansas rail yards as we drove past.
We're about to see every wannabe bootlicker, who held out because they didn't think they could get away w/ doing what it would take to get in his good graces, hop on the abyss train and benefit as much as they can over the next 4 yrs like all the others with no real consequences.
RT There was a thread on Hacker news a couple weeks ago that highlighted one of the biggest remaining roadblocks to widespread…
RT america, you got this
RT You probably shouldn't hire a Developer Advocate yet #developerrelations #developerexperience #dev…
And let's not forget a Product Marketing person if they either don't already have market fit, or if they don't have a marketing message or function.
Fuck yes!! Congrats Adriana! They're so lucky to have you
I'll be presenting at #GDG this coming Saturday, Nov 9, on the role that #DevEx plays in the success of #DevOps activities and principles in your organization. Check out the #DevFestKC schedule and grab your ticket at:
RT 🔔 ANNOUNCEMENT 🔔 is only 2 weeks away! 🙌 Don't miss the largest multi-framework front-end conf i…
I even get to choose the flavour of nitrous! 😀 Went with mint.
Plus side... I get nitrous 🙌🤘
Yeah, I inherited terrible teeth, so I've had more than my fair share. Glad you're doing better!
RT Excited to be on the #CfP committee for both FOSDEM PGDay, and the #PostgreSQL dev room (Sunday) at Looking fo…
Today's "Random musing from Jeremy": I hate dentists. A lot. I'd much rather use TravisCI or Bitbucket. Or Jira. In other news... I'm getting a root canal now.
RT I’m hearing that many Gen Z voters have never heard the Access Hollywood tape, so it’d be a shame if it got RETWEETED ten…
I'm currently using a Synology with a 4TB RAID and loving it.
[2/?] "Create an image for the title slide "The Rise of DevOps and the Birth of Modern DevEx" with a timeline illustration showing key milestones in the history of software development, from the early days of manual processes to the introduction of DevOps practices." ◀️GPT/Gem ▶️
I like to use ChatGPT 4o and Gemini Advanced 1.5 Pro (Imagen3) to create interesting images for certain slides in talks I give, and thought I would do a thread showing some of the images they produce... I'll come back to these over time (probably)🍿 Thread [1/?]
I voted today in early voting!!
RT 🧵Next week, you will see people using something called Benford's Law to try to prove election fraud. ⛔️These people are wr…
The phrase, "well, that's the way we've always done it" makes my skin crawl, and I've heard it entirely too much lately
The last two episodes (and really the entire season) of #AgathaAllAlong were so fucking good! I think I'm going to have to watch them all again. #NoSpoilers
Well, there are some of us who still could make them, Mary.
Well fine #WTForecast... I'll go outside and work
If you're not doing this to your mini candy bars from Halloween (putting them in the freezer), whatever are you doing?
RT Wanna come to this years Of course you do! Who would want to miss out on the biggest multi-framework front-end…
Spot on! Sharat is one of the most genuine people I know, and absolutely gives of himself so much for the #Java ecosystem
It really is so much like what it used to be here
Legit the Dude
I only got 2 Whoppers (a sub-par Malteasers) in the 3-Whopper package for Halloween candy. 3/10 dissatisfied.
Here we are in 2024 and companies still think having music automatically play when you open their web page is a good idea.
Challenging Biased Thoughts begins with: - Identify negatively biased thoughts - Identify any thinking traps - Challenge the biased thought - Develop a rational response (change the thought) - Carol at #Monktoberfest
Steps to mitigating anxiety has a lot of opinions, but non-scientific methods don’t work. Ex: - Dismiss as something to grow out of - Focus on coding ability So work towards scientific methods…. - Carol at #Monktoberfest
Code Review Anxiety is “fear of judgement, criticism, and negative evaluation while giving or receiving code reviews”. It’s very common. But we’re not alone, and it can be a blocker. Avoiding is a short-term response, with long-term consequences. - Carol at #Monktoberfest
Second talk of #Monktoberfest 2024 is Carol to talk about the psychology of code reviews. She starts by talking about her first experience pasting code to “The GitHub” at Pluralsight, and her first (stressful) experience with code review anxiety
While Eamon has been at Grafana for over 4 years, it’s a different dynamic. He loves working there, but will always be angry/sad about Pivotal. You can’t recapture that same dynamic, so recognize it and savour it. And sometimes it comes around again. - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
One of the first to go was the “Happiness Team” at Pivotal, which was the very team that helped set the tone of the culture. He knew where things were going, and so he moved on to Grafana - while others stayed on the moving carousel until it stopped… - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
After acquisition, the typical happened: “culture won’t change”, “there won’t be layoffs”, “we don’t do yearly layoffs here at VMWare”, etc. This doesn’t mean VMWare was an awful place to be but it was corporate, and rigid. And he knew what was coming. - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
The context of his time and experience at Pivotal is to set the stage for the talk… When they went public in early 2018, then got acquired by Pivotal the end of 2019 (after being spun out in 2013). - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
That culture at Pivotal was enveloping and rubbed off on everyone, and you just did it because you knew it was the right thing to do, and it just worked. “A mission of peace and exploration.” - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
His first day at Pivotal, he didn’t know anyone, and immediately was met by someone who became his impromptu tour guide and showed them care and attention. Later he found out that person was a VP. - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
He spent time at Pivotal &amp; touches on the pairing culture there in the engineering department and influenced the way Pivotal was.. and their emphasis on: - Do the right thing. - Do what works. - Be kind. And he loved how the people took it to heart. - Eamon at #Monktoberfest
First talk of #Monktoberfest 2024 is Eamon Ryan to talk about saying goodbye to a company you loved because you had to, not because you wanted to in his talk, “Top of the Mourning to You”-
I tried staying as still as possible, so as not to spook the wild in his natural habitat
Kicking off #Monktoberfest 2024, the "conference that began as a joke", is
Nice sunset while out on the harbour last night with the #Monktoberfest cruise. Looking forward to a great first day.
I look forward to it!!!
RT From Maine With Love. in #heroku purple. We love our sponsors. We love our community. Cc Another gre…
It's and it's blue 😜
Frankly, Mike, I'm disappointed in you
This would still be a good show
Either way, sounds extremely fulfilling
So disappointed I didn't see this until I got home a few hours ago!
Glad you got home safe. It was great meeting you this week, and I look forward to the next OpenUK
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant move.
It Depends
Weekend AI project huh?
As I get ready to leave #OSSummit for home (even if just for a few days), I’m reminded of how much I love the #opensource community, and how the community comes together and seeks to make a difference - together. Thank you for facilitating this. Until next time.
RT Something mentioned about the past opinion of IDE's -- that they would stifle dev creativity -- I'm guilty of…
RT Great points and observations made at session on #DevEx #DevOps. #OSSummit #cdCon
RT "Google's official product lifecycle is ABCD. Alpha -&gt; Beta - Chat app -&gt; Deprecated" -
RT If you're in the LA Area, stop by and hang out with the LA DevOps crew and myself as I talk #ArgoCD!
RT Psst... who in my network is keep to hear more about #robotics #AI #IoT #XR #OpenSource reply with…
Luckily, at least for now, they aren't sunsetting Keep, just the Reminders feature. But it is Google... So it is only time
RT this feels like a good time to mention that the teach folks to be software developers in 11 months *for f…
KIM! I already have FOMO!
RT Would you like to see Ubuntu 20.10 and 21.04 images on Basically, non-LTS releases? #…
One of my regrets about being homeschooled was that I didn't get to go to school with Sudeikis (he graduated one year before me). We have mutual close friends but have never met.
I no joke had that exact same reaction in Poland years ago, until I was told I needed to ask for "no gas", to which I proceeded to snort at that. And then forgot to ask for no gas water the next time. You get where this is going.
WTF. Seems like he could use being regulated himself, as his time for talking has surely run out.
RT Gene Kim on Biggest Obstacles Faced by DevOps in 2021 #DevOps #obstacles
RT Coding is all fun and games until you come across an error not on StackOverflow.
Whichever one "All of the above" counts for.
It's a trap.
Yeah been caught with that stupid thing a few times... But they allow conspiracy theories and shit like that all over the place. (┛◉Д◉)┛彡┻━┻
The sad, daily reminder of white privilege and systemic racism.
Today's Image of the Day: Seeing Our Moon from the Space Station -
RT What?
Yeah I don't know what you would be referring to
RT Want to be a contestant on an upcoming episode of #devopspartygames (or suggest someone else who would be great)? Let us…
There are a few apps which are good for this if you're into using your phone as your alarm clock? The Sleep Cycle app does this iirc, and my Pixel 5 does it with the stock clock app in combo with the Pixel Stand
RT Developer Advocacy is not about telling people that they should use your tech. Developer Advocacy done right is doing everythi…
Absolutely - you're not wrong. This is partly why DevRel as a discipline has been defined many ways over the years... It's still young in comparison to these other disciplines you mention.
Really good 🧵 here
Oh, you are.
Hell... just marketing in and of itself. Like who _hasn't_ consumed some thing because of what they heard/saw/read about it? There's a _reason_ that there are companies on Instagram and you can buy shit straight from the feed based on what you've liked.
10x marketing
You just literally said "companies want your credibility, not your celebrity" - that's saying it's one thing and that companies _only_ hire for credibility. I know for a FACT that many companies hire individuals _because_ of what they can bring to the bottom line, not credibility
So sorry you feel this way. You are welcome and a valuable member.
We gatekeep when we say "DevRel is only about one thing and if you're about the other thing you're not doing your job well"
And any time we try to convince ourselves that we weren't hired based on what we can bring to the company (i.e. HELP THEM MAKE MONEY!) we lose a bit of ourselves.
Also - "personal brand" has _always_ been a discussion around DevRel in community and devrel podcasts. It's a part of it. Is it all of it? No. But it is a part of it.
A person's brand _can_ be the value they bring to a community. Are you saying that anyone who's worked in devrel/community isn't hired because of our experience doing that thing? Especially if that company wants to make inroads to a specific community? We've all benefited.
RT And I am NOT saying you have to have followers to be in DevRel There are folks in DevRel writing technical content, and bui…
RT Any of us, from folks with 100 followers to folks with 100K followers are very "minor" small-town celebrities But let's no…
I mean... That could be an interesting analogy
Wait... "10x devrel" _isn't_ a thing?
I agree here. I'm tired of the "DevRel is ____"... "No DevRel is ____" subtweets and platitudes... DevRel is a lot of things depending on the company, the community, etc. We all have an opinion and an asshole. The sooner we stop making definitive pronouncements the better.
RT Someone should start a weekly newsletter summarizing tech Twitter drama for that week 🤔
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Astronaut Victor Glover Works to Upgrade the Station -
Proving he's a bit slow on the uptake
“For groups dealing with meaningful social issues, tech can be the last thing on their list....often not enough focus, energy, or resources available to make meaningful tech improvements.” — "97 Things Every Cloud Engineer Should Know"
Previous company used OOF &amp; the first time someone used it in a meeting I literally snorted. I asked them to explain what "OOF" meant &amp; when they told me I honestly chuckled. I also said I would never use it, and would instead use OOO like a civilised person. They weren't amused.
You know you want to buy your special someone, or just yourself ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, some #devopspartygames swag...
Oooohhhh! I didn't know it was on Netflix finally... Looking forward to this!
You both did an amazing job curating this book
“you must take an iterative approach. Remember, getting started with improvements is more important than getting finished with them.” — on measuring in "97 Things Every Cloud Engineer Should Know" with
RT Senate Republicans have expressed more outrage towards people kneeling for the National Anthem than insurrectionists st…
RT Democracy can't work if one side won't accept the results.
Tree people are here today - so at any time now my head is going to explode with the beautiful sound of the chainsaw...
I wonder who's paying his legal bill, considering the lawyer has quite the Russian Mafia association...
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering STS-107 and Her Crew -
OH: "There's two "asses" in assassinate" #tabletopdevops
RT We're Live! Come watch and fight to be the l…
RT Why is the GOP bucking Biden? If he’s is successful, Americans’ faith in democracy might begin to rebound. If he helps bui…
Oh yes
Love those walls!
RT So Rs want Biden to drastically scale back economic relief in the name of bipartisanship. Their offer is insultingly inade…
Meh, just say you're The Doctor and they fly into a tizzy
RT When Jackie Robinson faced down slurs, spiked cleats, and pitches aimed at his head—and stole home anyway—he didn't only c…
I have only one.. I do like the spot where the list of top tier companies explicitly says not Yahoo, Zynga, or Oracle 😂🤣
what a blast from the past! Just saw you on TV with
Teach us your ways Emily
Well, for starters, a cyberman takes away everything that makes you human.. slowly.. until you aren't human anymore. A Dalek just kills you. So boring, and so lazy.
Oh, there's a few other reasons
RT Nobody is listening
Rinse. Repeat.
Geese are the worst
So refreshing to have a President who tweets complete sentences, and posts rational messages appealing to all citizens.
It's really good
Wearing an inflatable dinosaur costume _while_ flipping them off at 13k feet?
Gotta admire the dedication
Right? You could have offered them a shovel though....
... It would be talking a job knowing you will be the butt of all the jokes and we love you for it
We use “your mom” jokes all the time in my family.. as well as “so’s your face”
Cybermen are a better villain in #doctorwho than the Daleks
RT What encourages you to be an active community member?
Doge
Was reading comprehension a part of your recent GED?
In tech, we must be careful to not be so inwardly focused, that we are not outwardly beneficial. It's not about us. It's about the communities we serve.
RT cannot emphasize enough that there are so many amazing and impactful DevRels who don't have/don't want 10s of thousands of…
RT Our very own Community Manager, chats about championing devs to fail gracefully and more on this episode of
RT If you could have customized options in your browser context menu (menu that appears on right-click) as a developer what would…
I'm here for this... or I need to start a private account....
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots an Interstellar Interaction -
RT It looks like you’re feeling threatened by the fact that ‘regular’ folk can now do what you get paid $750,000 a year to do o…
RT Every single word of this! We need to have some standards for our elected officials. The latest from htt…
Espresso has less caffeine than a cup of coffee... And sweeteners would have to be consumed in large quantities to be a diuretic. Plenty of people drink straight coffee, especially outside the US.
RT Oh look, another billionaire is mad that he might have to pay more taxes while children in America go hungry and veteran…
A bit of a myth... though there is _some_ weight to it... Coffee has caffeine... Caffeine is a mild diuretic, but unless you're drinking a LOT of caffeinated beverages, you aren't at risk of dehydration. For reading from the Mayo Clinic:
RT so no one ever manipulated the market before this week do i have that right
Never too early for a CI/CD joke... #devopspartygames
"keanu-bernetes" #devopspartygames
I feel seen
RT The Secret Jewish Space Laser is guarded by Hanukkah Solo and his sidekick Jewbacca.
Narrator: He in fact, did not.
RT
They are. That is all.
RT So let me get this straight: Redditors rallying GameStop is market manipulation, but hedge fund billionaires shorting a stock…
Please.... When I used to travel to Philly, I used to stop there on the way to the airport to fly home and buy _MULTIPLE_ packs of pretzels (I think it was 5 per pack) and put them in my suitcase. Got to be that the kids would first say "Where's the pretzels?" before "HI DAD!"
They make some great pretzels
RT When you retweet this, five cents will be donated to mental health initiatives in Canada. Whale. Whale. #BellLetsTalk
RT The Guest List has been locked in! and will be joining th…
There's always the guillotine...
Well, after you eat them - you'll shit them out... so that fits an environmentally friendly revolution, right?
RT A small tax - 0.1% - on each Wall Street trade would reduce high frequency trading, a practice which drains profits from retai…
Eat the rich.
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's Day of Remembrance, Thursday, Jan. 28, 2021 -
RT #SoD2021 Today, I'll be livetweeting the Fireside chat on the State of…
RT Putting Kamala Harris as VP into perspective.See the red box? Until then, she would have been enslaved.See the blue box?…
The horse thieving? I mean I could... But where would I put them? It sounds like a lot of work.
Was told we had horse thieves in our family history, which is why we only had genealogy info back to a certain period as the relative doing the genealogy-ing didn't want to know more. Turns out they got bored. I was very disappointed.
RT The federal government reacts more swiftly when people storm the capital than when people storm the Capitol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATT!!!!!
I can't imagine how hard this is. Here for you, and will keep you filled with pics of my dogs Biscuit and Alice
RT So Redditors working together on a stock is considered "market manipulation," but bankers crashing the entire world fina…
Oh I'm constantly feeling this way PJ - makes perfect sense.
Under my grandfather's eye patch
RT Not sure what to propose for the Texas CFP? Don't worry! We have office hours. Please click this followi…
Getting tired of having to mention to cover these things that are out there in the public eye. Seth has put together a timeline of events, along with confirmed reports _from those in attendance_ at the insurrection planning on Jan 5 at Trump Tower
RT I'm super excited to share that not one, not two, but THREE special episodes of #devopspartygames will be a part of this…
Thanks to for selecting as the "Best CI/CD Tool of 2020". Such an honor to work here!
Don't forget Antifa
Tell me again how the GOP is about "law and order" and "backs the blue" and stands up for police?
RT Recommended Read: How to Stay Motivated When You’re (Still) Stuck at Home #devopsish
RT live every moment as if it’s your last
RT Today is Holocaust Memorial Day. We remember the six million Jewish men, women and children murdered by the Nazis and thei…
RT 76 years ago today over 7,000 prisoners of the German Nazi #Auschwitz camp, including some 700 children, were liberate…
RT #OnThisDay in 1945, Soviet soldiers liberated Auschwitz-Birkenau, the largest Nazi concentration and extermination camp. Appr…
RT "I'll seek out dissenting views and listen to the experts, because that's how the best decisions are made. And I will insist t…
RT ICYMI - you can watch last night's epic edition of #devopspartygames featuring
That is a great idea and implementation!
Really good advice here..,
I see he's keeping up with his "viral" word salads
New coffee brewing at home via - Organic Guatemala Orfa Constanza Cobon from
Today's Image of the Day: Welding Underway on Orion for First Artemis Mission Landing Astronauts on the Moon -
RT The Republican Party has not expelled, censured or even criticized Marjorie Taylor Greene, a QAnon follower who called for…
What, you can't handle being treated the same way you have treated the Senate for the last 8 years? Elections have consequences.
We've started #devopspartygames with some quality answers so far
So sorry to hear all of this Ashley. My heart goes out to you and your family. I've not lost a parent yet, but have lost two grandparents (one suddenly and one knowing it was coming) and I am throwing all the good thoughts, vibes, prayers, and more that I can.
Very envious of this setup... Tell me more!
Hah... Not talking about me... A different Jeremy 😆😂
Jeremy is a genius.
RT
Ahh - an obstructionist and a man with no character at all - through and through...
When given an option... it's _never_ Comcast. The Death Star (AT&amp;T) is better than Comcast.
RT The term "Community" is thrown around a lot today, especially in creator circles. Let's be clear about one thing -- if you…
RT 45 Republican Senators just voted to drop the case against a guy who sent a mob to kill them.
RT We won Best CI/CD Tool of 2020! Thanks
RT Community Tip of the Day!💡 . . . #community #communitymetrics #communitytip #cmgr #communitymanagement #CommunityApp #devrel…
Sen is, at least, a moron. Trump was impeached while President... and it was the Senate that didn't want to touch it until after the Inauguration.
RT Kids are so freaking awesome I love this 🥺 (via kendylrae86/TikTok)
Today's Image of the Day: Finding a New Earth -
RT It's happening! Tonight will be another great episode of #devopspartygames with
Jeremy is of English origin, meaning “appointed by G-d”, and Meiss is of German-ish origin, meaning “skilled &amp; prominent in a specific area of activity”.... Though UD says: Meiss - “sexy last name, but very rare” Jeremy - (long, kinda accurate, definition... attaching pic)
RT It's Community Manager Appreciation Day. Shoutout to everyone doing that job in some capacity regardless of your actual…
This is why you're in charge of towels
Um.. thanks?
They gotta be rough ones though... Not those nice, soft hand towels fresh off the rack at Bed, Bath, &amp; Beyond
This has legs...
That does make sense...
Opportunities to plan out karaoke
Did he seriously include the Sierra Club in that?
And I'll be there this time
Same. NYC locked down the next week
RT What’s been your favorite remote team building activity during the pandemic? (Non-alcohol events please) RTs welcome!
Well, yeah...
It's what McConnell would do... so yes. Elections have consequences.
Right? The next ☕️ was good though, almost made up for it
Story of my life
Congrats! And that's an awesome idea!
Dang it... I thought he was referring to me until I clicked it
It was, in fact, the one from earlier. 🤦🏻‍♂️
I'm on that part of Monday where I don't recall if I put a new K-cup in when I turned on my Keurig, or if it's the one from earlier.
Dang... I think those Work From Home kits are going to be awesome as everyone gets one!
RT Get ready for an epic episode of #devopspartygames tomorrow! Featuring
Ahh talking about the Twits with the Tweeters... You'll (probably) enjoy this episode of ADO
Hey Kat. Here's a pic of Dick kicking penguins
RT Join us for an online meetup on Wednesday, January 27 at 6 p.m. GMT, hosted by CircleCI and will…
RT She believes targeted propaganda cooked up by domestic traitors and hostile foreign powers. He's believes empirical eviden…
Today's Image of the Day: Welcoming a New Addition to the Deep Space Network -
RT A President cannot incite an insurrection against the United States in an attempt to hold onto power and escape respons…
RT KEPT IT HOME 🏆 📺: #SBLV 2/7 on CBS
RT YOU GOTTA FIGHT FOR YOUR RIGHT TO PARTY 🙌
Hey idiot... repeating the same lie doesn’t make it true. The list of Presidents who didn’t start a new war is an impressive list: John F. Kennedy Richard Nixon Gerald R. Ford Jimmy Carter Bill Clinton Barack Obama
GOOD. THIS is how you deal with McConnell who relishes the fact he’s an obstructionist. Keep it up and
Mmmmm pizza with pineapple....
RT TOUCHDOWN DARREL WILLIAMS!!!
RT My son's middle school is hosting a guest career speaker series. If you would like to share what you do and your career path…
RT 🚨 New data alert! 📈 Find out what your average throughput, workflow duration, and success rate should be to rank among the hi…
Hey you have any input here?
RT There is no compromising with fascism.
One of the best shows ever, came at just the right time.
I love both... born on the East Cost US, and grew up in the Midwest US.
RT For all you ladder climbers out there, don’t lose sight of who you are or where you came from on the way up. Look to
Truth right here
Would love to hear more! What you showed in Paris was cool.
The answer is right there..... 🤪🤣😜
Yeah, I too did this (+ many other drinks) with my first first into hard alcohol. Miraculously I was the only one standing that night. It was a sign of things to come.
RT DevEx is more than just your parent's software development lifecycle. #cdcon session #DevEx and #DevOps are on…
RT Don’t forget the humans! A great reminder from and at #cdcon that no matter how good your t…
RT It was awesome to get to interview about the 1.30 release of Kubernetes, which is out now! Check out the…
RT Kubernetes v1.30 aka Uwubernetes is out 🥳 The interviewed the release lead for insights abo…
RT #OSSummit elevator party with some of the best people around 🌸✨🌸 (cue up this song
RT The nostalgia is strong with this timeline of IDEs in #cdcon talk. Remember Vibes ✨ #OSSummit…
Blink twice if this tweet was written under duress
Loving their use of AI-generated otters as developers
My biggest challenge is my ADHD doesn't allow me to do this. If I do, I will follow that squirrel and I'll run out of time. I have to use speaker notes to keep me on track. I highly respect, and am envious of, those who can do this.
Oh, so Dev Advocates.
RT CLC has been a great accelerator for our community programs at If you are building developer tools, I highly r…
It's like they've never seen a sci-fi movie... Ever.
RT
"Organizations who contribute (and decide on whether to continue contributing) to #opensource often do so based solely on short-term, quarter-by-quarter monetary results" - at #OSSummit
We’ve done a terrarium-building activity and a chocolate-tasting one...
RT I want to live my life with the optimism of Fred standing over a free kick 😂
Fair point...
So there's hope for Kat.
new twitter account who dis?
Right? Blocked and reported as using the reply function to spam
RT It was one thing when my son crashed my press conference a month or so ago, but this... Now is not the time to travel. S…
He wanted to. But like everything else in life, he is a LOSER! Inciting violence and a coup though, that's special. Special enough that it just might get him prosecuted. And he's the only president to be impeached TWICE, &amp; lose the House &amp; Senate, so he has that going for him.
RT The State of Community Management 2021 Survey is now open. This survey returns valuable information every year, helping us…
That's one thing I _don't_ need
Which makes you evidently the target audience?
RT OK just to be clear: if I say "we must crack down on serial killers" and you say "why are you launching this thinly veiled…
RT Thank you to everyone who came out to this month's #JavaScript Marathon on Wednesday! You can watch all of the past live tra…
It's good stuff.. have you had Hayward's burnt ends?
Same way that "democracy" gets confuse for "only my side winning"
I want to say the dog, but I'm gonna go with "Emily"
Hah for sure. My Top 3 are Joe's KC, Woodyard, and Q39 - but there are so many that it's just so hard to pick at times. You literally could go twice a week for a year and _still_ not hit all of them in the metro area
Yeah... Been on both sides of this... 😭
This needs to be a bigger deal than it has been so far
RT Cool breakdown of the new websites accessibility triumphs.
Stop with the lies? How will they then raise money and get elected?
RT Beto O’Rourke’s EPIC takedown of Ted Cruz on the new MeidasTouch Podcast
You can adjust the warmth pretty easily
I've lived here for 42 years (pretty much all my life) and it's such a great place.
I have been using the rectangular lights and love them.
RT If believing "people working full-time shouldn't be in poverty" makes me a radical, guess I'm a radical
Garland as Attorney General is going to be so delicious
Yeah - also made me cringe thinking about all of the times I had to go bug someone to release their lock on a file
RT Seeing Republicans attack Biden for doing too much — ‘17 Executive Actions!’ — and for not doing enough (‘People are dying;…
RT We recently released the first version of our #Rust orb to improve support for the language on our platform. Check it out: ht…
hello back
RT He IGNORED HATRED AS HE CONQUERED BASEBALL?!?!?! Nah, fam. We not doing this revisionist bullshit. This is a lie.
Saw these two yesterday evening
RT Tune in to Community Time with Katy ( today at 1:30 p.m. PT to hear from Lakeisha Coston-Nhep (
RT If when you hear the term "white supremacy," you get all instantly offended, presuming that the term is being used about YO…
Melania's like "Yeah, I'm out."
#RIPHankAaron
Except for the day when he encouraged his supporters to bum rush the Capitol and then they savagely beat "the thin blue line" and murdered them. But sure, keep selling your lies.
RT Senate confirms retired Gen. Lloyd Austin to lead Pentagon, making him nation's first Black secretary of defense.
Oh FFS Marco... Stop whinging. You're such a hypocrite. If Republican's had won, you would be pushing your agenda. That's how it works (and you know it btw) - elections have consequences. More people voted for the vision of America that posited than Trump's. Sit down.
RT "People leading us should tell the truth" ought not be all that controversial. Um. Normally.
RT The hysteria on the right over my comment that politicians should assert the truth before they share other ideas tells…
I don't live in Austin... and I'm right there with you. What a whinging asshat
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Takes Portrait of the ‘Lost Galaxy’ -
RT BREAKING: Senators Cardin and Murkowski Join Reps. Speier and Reed in Announcing a Bipartisan Resolution to Affirm Rat…
Yep, my MIL did that once. I spent the whole day redoing the pan
Well, I mean you started by washing in the dishwasher... So ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯ 😂
OH: "I would have never thought that in less than 36 hrs one man would be added to just about every photo and movie in existence."
Drunk guy at the end of the bar fell asleep on the drunk gal at the end of the bar's ass... So we've reached peak Thursday night.
No, no. Throw them in the oven to dry them out. Repeat process, including tweet, until is up and running.
Oh no... So sorry to hear this! Take care of yourself and hope pu get better soon!
I just bought one last night to show a conservative how much of an idiot they were.... Brings me to over 20 domains I believe
The drunk gal just popped her head up and took inventory of the room and then went back to chilling and hoping someone would get her some food
The drunk guy at the end of the bar is hiding his nose in between seats and blankets (obviously drunk), while the drunk gal at the _other_ end of the bar is lazily yawning while looking at the bartender to order more food
Also, is that the Q dungeon? Why are you in a basement tunnel? Is it the 5G’s?
You think it makes sense to impeach PRESIDENT Biden for things he allegedly did while VP, but doesn’t make sense with Trump who (checks notes) is no longer in office? I would ask if you hypocrite much but you’d probably try to answer a rhetorical question.
It's time - McConnell can't be dealt with on a level playing field because he's always been about obstruction. We need someone from who will play hardball and sets the tone for the future. Hand over the reigns to
How refreshing...
Reminds me of Adium and Trillian... I'm in!
RT 6 Book Recommendations for Community Builders in 2021 Written by
RT A lot of people start building communities because at some point in their life, they were painfully left out or excluded.…
RT On our platform, you can move data into and out of jobs, persist data, and with #workspaces, move data between jobs. This pos…
Game changer for sure!
Because, Science. "Scientists Have Described a Dinosaur's Butthole in Exquisite Detail"
Beau Biden made such an impact on those around him. This picture, and accompanying short story about it, make this quite evident. Story:
He's not really gone to Cruz's supporters, which is why he's continuing to bootlick them
Being moderately involved in a discussion about years and whether or not we index them at 0 or 1 was not how I anticipated today beginning. A heck of a lot better then discussing the latest dumbass move from "he who can continually gtfo" I will say.
Love it when Greta throws shade!
Why is that a problem? Everyone else in the nation gets a court-appointed lawyer if they don't have one for themselves...
RT #ICYMI - I have never been more inspired by the national anthem. is a national treasure.
This long thread of Bernie's is amazing
RT "If something comes out of the last four years, four years of somebody lying to us, it can be that we are finally, com…
RT Real fans of oath-taking use The Bible: Director's Cut Extended Edition.
So... does that mean they can ignore what you say as you're clearly spewing falsehoods?
RT So humbled by everyone's support! If you'd like to read more of my words, you can pre-order my first ever poetry colle…
And...
I mean...
And even more odd...
It's odd...
Wait.. event more of a conspiracy... goes to Are you a DNC plant?
Why is it that when you go to it goes to
RT The Inauguration Day firework finale from the South Lawn. The Bidens and family had a similar view.
Yeah, it's always kinda got me whenever I hear it, but tonight was full on tears
I just turned on the #CelebratingAmerica special in time for to start singing and all It took was the pre-chorus and then the fireworks starting with the chorus and I'm a blubbering mess. #InaugurationDay
RT After 4 years of doomscrolling, today is for gleefreshing
On this note, anyone have suggested courses? #AskingForAFriend
You sir, I thank.
OH: "You really need to up your slide deck game. Take a course."
RT First Lady embraces husband without cringing. Wild times. #InaugurationDay
White supremacists (i.e. domestic terrorists) are the single, deadliest threat to America. That means ending Trump's rallies and kicking you all to the curb helps to reduce those terror hot spots. Seems like some good steps. Sit down you racist asshat.
RT On a day for the history books, delivered a poem that more than met the moment. Young people like her are…
That's a lot of donations... Who knew you were a flooranthropist?
First step is Pai leaving
RT If you missed last week's EMEA league episode of #devopspartygames, you can catch out the replay at
RT
It's not his account... The President-elect account became and the old POTUS account became POTUS45... Just like what happened with Obama. Do better This isn't hard.
RT Today, the work begins.
RT “The dream of #JusticeforAll will be deferred no further!” -
One of the many bonuses that we didn’t know we needed AND wanted
President Biden and Vice-President Harris. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
Nevermind... they just switched it! =)
I believe they’ll switch it at Noon which is when Biden and Harris officially take their roles. Also, I believe the account becomes POTUS and the POTUS account becomes like Obama’s account
Solid choice
RT I look forward to reading the changelog dot md for this new release version of America.
RT PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN &amp; VICE PRESIDENT KAMALA HARRIS!!!
Feels so good to say this again, that I don't care that he can't see it
RT Today, we begin anew. Tune in for #Inauguration2021.
Same same.
Same.
This. 👇
Don't mind me, I am just over here in tears of joy and happiness #BidenHarrisInauguration
Same with Infrastructure Week
This was my career in a nutshell
Especially when you can SHAKE IT LIKE A POLAROID PICTURE!!!
AHH yes... Last Dance.
It's said in jest... The whole song is tongue in cheek
Every HS grad day we are treated to 's "Good Riddance" song as a celebration (?) of a graduate. It's always bugged me - it's A BREAK UP SONG. But it is 100% apropos today as the biggest loser to ever hold public office is fired. #GOODRIDDANCE #GoodRiddanceTrump
Says the white woman who consistently gaslit and parroted the GOP talking points that helped get Trump in office....
You forgot the third option... the 4 walls of your prison cell #TraitorBoebert #ResignBoebert
Running out of places to give tours? #ResignBoebert #TraitorBoebert
RT “Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.”
Just so we're all clear, it's Wednesday.
RT Hey you forgot your kid
IN 13 HOURS DONALD TRUMP WILL NO LONGER BE PRESIDENT
RT Tonight, in Washington, D.C. and across the nation, we came together to honor the over 400,000 Americans we’ve lost to COVID-…
Mmm that’s some delectable goodness right there
Wholesome thread here
So you were born yesterday?
Sounds like the same person
Right? When the graphical format was created, we _all_ used a hard "g" then. Their revisionist history is sus.
Oh most definitely
OH: "The greatest problem plaguing the internet is a lack of universal GIF services"
RT It feels a bit like Christmas Eve, but you already know what you’ll get when you open the present. A restoration of American…
&lt;shockedVoice&gt;You mean that Trump and his enablers and his followers and the bots were all spreading disinformation? On TWITTER?
With the "impending" ("mandated") release of the intelligence agencies having to share what they know about "aliens" because of the COVID-19 relief bill ( you should listen to this great podcast run by my friends and
Today's Image of the Day: Hot Fire Test of SLS Rocket Core Stage -
RT By kneeling, Colin Kaepernick let us do the work for him. He didn’t need to belabor the point, he just let us show ours…
RT It seems now is a good time to remind everyone that accurately stating the scope of First Amendment protections is not…
Hahahaha. Bye.
I say it every time... But I mean it too every time. This episode is going to be amazing!
It's almost like this was their plan all along... Putin must be so happy
Yesssss
RT “We now have the resources, we now have the skills, we now have the techniques to get rid of poverty. And the question is w…
RT Today you’ll see conservatives who have torn at the fabric of democracy, share ‘I have a dream’ quotes and try to dilu…
RT Twilio CEO Jeff Lawson says wisdom lies with your developers by
RT I miss you. I’m grateful for your life. I’m honored by your legacy. I’m growing in your teachings. Thank you, Daddy. Ha…
Romo had this reaction because he never had the chance to play under a coache like Andy Reed. As a spectator and huge fan, I had no doubt we were going for it. #CHIEFSKINGDOM
RT When did DevOps become a thing? Learn about the history of #DevOps and the very important difference between continuous deliv…
RT Chef’s kiss for this headline
RT If anyone had a right to question whether our democracy was worth redeeming, it was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Because in…
Oh this is good! So many organisations need to lose their tax exempt status, let's start holding them accountable.
Hear, hear! #ksleg
And cruel and _usual_ to tempt us with it
RT 📖Is My Writing Any Good? - shared four tricks to focus your writing and silence your doubts.
RT The Capitol riot has led to a reckoning unprecedented in American history.
Laughable. Ftw. Lol
RT I’m excited to announce my next venture, DemocracyPillow. It offers all of the comfort of a free and fair election, without…
Gonna be so much fun!
I've been to Camp Auschwitz. Four times. This thread is so powerful. The idealogy that made that hell real is alive and well in America and in many circles, the GOP included. It must be rooted out and burned.
For style and functionality, there's nothing better than this
Who knew was a sadomasochist...¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
You're welcome
Whatever photo could you be referring to? 😆
So you _ARE_ talking about me
Are you _saying_ I should?
This should be interesting on a Sunday
Exposing toxic masculinity, justice, and good experimentation in whiskey
Second, or third, or whatever number we're at now... Sharing a postmortem/review on what happened helps your teams and everyone else get better and builds trust.
They've become a thespian all themselves
Lodge. You can get them just about anywhere, they come pre-seasoned, they're reasonably priced, and they last.
No matter how hard they tried to get us into war
This.
RT In this episode, of talks about creating welcoming &amp; friendly spaces, but that you had better f…
RT Have you signed up for Global Diversity CFP Day Online on Saturday, January 23rd? Are you considering signing up? Then
Yeah, no doubt.
RT Now that New Years has come and gone, the next gift giving holiday is right around the corner (#ValentinesDay) and we…
So bear with me here for a second, but since Pence was begged to enact the 25th, Trump has hardly been seen or heard from publicly (if really at all) and Pence has been the acting President. Did Pence strike a deal that he wouldn't invoke the 25th if Trump went away "quietly"?
Right? Though you do use the word "governing"... which elicited a nice snort when I read it
RT Officials had been telling the public for months that because of Dems disproportionately voting by mail, and Republicans di…
I've lost track of the number of times you have been arrested over the last four years
Sooo clossssse
RT if this gets over 75 votes, I'll share corgi in the snow photos/videos from last weekend that I've been sitting on - vote!
Luckily there are places like if someone really wants to torture themselves
"Day 0 of every apocalyptic and zombie movie is an open source project being deprecated." - at #OSSummit
Loving this talk so far with on "Gitosaurs and Merga-a-dactyls: Starting your Cloud Native Journey" at #OSSummit. Love I am blamed for the YOLO nature of this talk and Jorge redoing his talk after we talked about #devrel &amp; #community &amp; #cloudnative until 3a
Took them long enough
Hey , your move to Zendesk for community looks to be going well... I (and probably everyone else who has ever posted on Discuss) am getting spammed with "current" notifications for all of my old 3.5 years of community interactions from
🤘 Hell yeah 🤘
Amazing. Gotta love a good bedtime love story!
Whitney _always_ has the most joyous smile!
So happy for you Matty! 🤘💪
All great people!
It's completely different if the conference is covering the travel. But Dev Advocacy has gotten away with "it's all fuzzy ROI" for too long, and there is no free money to do that. A lot of Dev Advocates don't want to justify the ROI, or don't know how, hence angst about change.
#itDepends.... on the company, the stage, the audience, the product, etc. IMO these blanket statements of "Dev Advocacy"=={x} have got to stop. Gone are the days of speaking all over the world at conferences which have nothing to do with the company or it's Products, with no ROI.
Well, fantastic news. Hey Bacon is coming!!
The 2024 State of CI/CD Report from the has been released with support from #OSSummit #cdCon
We have #cdcon kicking off at #OSSummit with Come find us around the corner on Floor 4 in Terrace Suite 1
"Changing the license is not the right way to do this (#opensource). Figure out how to add value." - at #OSSummit
"You can hide burnout under the cloth of success" - at #OSSummit
An awesome group of people. I love being here at #OSSummit
Exciting! Can't wait to hear more!
RT Introducing Valkey! Proud to be a part of as we support open source staying open! #osscommunity #opensource #ossu…
So let me see here... At this point I guess it's safe to assume we won't see his tax returns, healthcare plan, infrastructure plan, or anything else that's been "coming in 2 weeks" for the last 4 years.
Happy Birthday!!
Greatest thing I've heard so far!
RT Random Shannon Thought: #Community doesn't just exist online. It exists in real life. I know, shocking, right? Each of…
Very good primer on "First Amendment and free speech: When it applies and when it doesn't"
Kinda goes without saying... But...
Well, I thought you were an early college entrant.. so the math kinda checks out
RT Even if it doesn’t feel like it, there is always hope. Call 1-800-273-TALK (8255) to find help and support. 💚
But yet... &lt;checks notes&gt; giving billions to the already rich isn't a waste. Got it. Sit down asshat.
RT You know what's more important than updating and building your tech stack? Prioritizing the people who run it. Check out this…
"A Parler archive is being converted into an interactive map of the Capitol building attack - The Verge"
Sir, this is a CVS
#hugops to the team
Today's Image of the Day: Fulfilling the Dream -
RT Dear politicians/political influencers: When you tweet about my father’s birthday, remember that he was resolute about er…
Yeah... I have only had them previously through work
LOOOOOOOSSSSEEEERRRRR
Same - I switched to the 16" because of just staying at home and needing the beefy-ness of it for streams, etc. I thought about switching back, but I will probably just utilise my iPad Pro as the travel device and keep the 16" in the bag for those "absolutely necessary" moments
A great green screen option IMO is
This.
Yeah any money market account that keeps it liquid and easily accessible for the emergencies, but requires a bit of work to get it out.
Butter influencer... Spot on
That anus steak though... not sure butter is helping that
They're the opposite. They bring blood to your soul, as opposed to taking blood from the soul of a continent
Delicious Ethiopia Biloya from #HoldFastCoffee via Definitely tasting the blood orange and floral notes.
Nice self own here.
RT The federal government pays more money per month for Secret Service officers to use a bathroom, because Jared and Ivanka…
Oh this is normal. It will flip back and forth with no warning, from one moment to the next. Good luck.
*can't dang it
Yeah, you can go wrong there
That’s a solid grinder, but I’m always a bit suspect of its ability to make the fine-grained grind adjustments needed to really dial in the espresso dosing
Pinging and to the table
Got it. So in that regard I would either look at the Breville Barista Express on the lower end of what I would consider worthwhile to get you to anything resembling something worth ingesting) and on the higher end the Rocket Espresso Appartamento.
Oh boy.. that’s a can of beans... #coffeenerdjoke So there are a lot of questions I have, but the first would be more around what you’re trying to make (just espresso or lattes, etc.), and then how involved and hands on do you want to get. All sorts of options based on answers.
Is that part of a series?
Thoughts and prayers
I'm really loving the Pixel 5....
I mean... I can't say I haven't not done that with coffee bags before, but that is really the only thing Charbucks is good for. This coffee is some quality Ethiopian Biloya shiiiit.
I just finally got that bag of coffee that the post office had been playing keep away with since last week
At least you got your laptop _yesterday_
RT How do you build a file? In this post, discover a few overlooked concepts that will help optimize the Docker image de…
RT Never forget the real victims of last week’s terrorist attack: Harvard grads who spread lies that incited the mob who were…
RT LIVE! A new episode of #devopspartygames right now! Tune in at right now for fun with
Matty is so right here... There is no substitute for bouncing around ideas with others live, and in person. “Creativity is contagious, pass it on” – Albert Einstein
RT Empathy is the secret sauce no one told you about -
Absolutely. Iced coffee, cold brew... I'm here for all of it.
Today's Image of the Day: Bright, Blue Stars -
"This display courtesy of the Three Moistketeers" #LetterkennyQuotes
Nope. Nope. Fake news.
For My Romance to be Chemical, at a time like this, is unconscionable.
DAMN IT
For Real Big to be Fish, at a time like this, is unconscionable.
OH: "At least you're not eating radioactive eggs tomorrow."
RT Ben Shapiro (1984-2021)
RT BREAKING: Trump becomes first actor from Home Alone 2 to be impeached twice
Exactly. You can't heal without treating the infection, wound, etc. Sweeping things under the rug only make the rug grow until you're tripping over it
Uhh... &lt;checks notes...&gt; The will of the American people was to NOT have Trump as President. TWICE. The AMERICAN PEOPLE DID NOT VOTE FOR TRUMP. TWICE!!!!
Hey asshat... You ever get tired of lying? Yes people have zip ties. MOST also don't invade Congress, terrorizing and hunting down members of Congress with specific zip ties ONLY used for handcuffing...
RT And now to the president for comment on this historic day:
Today, Loser Trump has become the only President to LOSE the popular vote TWICE, and to also be impeached TWICE. Oh and he lost the House. And the Senate. What a Loser. The loser of the LOSERS. Good riddance.
RT BEFORE: “The Rebels are being hysterical. We would never ACTUALLY blow up Alderaan.” DURING: “Now isn’t the time to play…
Ok, that makes a bit more sense.
Was this from last week? What strikes me here is the obvious military nature and posture. Like these are obviously current, or relatively recent, service members. Prince was actively engaged in recruiting people for Trump as a private army, and I wonder how much he contributed?
RT Come play along with us tomorrow for the first-ever EMEA edition of #devopspartygames! Join the fun on our twitch chan…
RT What is #YAML? Find out everything you need to know about this data serialization language designed for human interaction. ht…
RT There's a non-zero amount of therapy involved in any successful DevOps transformation
Today's Image of the Day: Finding a Missing Black Hole -
RT Appeasement is not a good strategy for dealing with an autocrat, as history teaches.
RT There is no unity without truth, justice and constitutional order.
Well, lookie there! Better check it for covid
Yeah I've had a pound of coffee travel to 8 different USPS locations in a 10mi radius of my house since the 8th. Finally should arrive today after I pinged them asking why it keeps going in a circle around me, and why can't they split the difference and go ahead and deliver it?
White fragility at its heart
Dang it... Missed it by a day. I mean, YAY!
Right? Like it feels like it should be Friday afternoon.
I find myself giving an awkward thumbs up
Interesting thought for the day: If we had tails, us pooping would look exactly like a dog does when it poops. Just picture it. You're welcome. Also, it's only Wednesday.
New regulations to protect people and Republican members of Congress are acting like children. The very children who sometimes fear for their lives daily and have to do these same measures because the GOP won't stand up against the NRA. Fitting.
RT If you can defend this, you can defend anything. If you can wave this away with “well, what about…” or by changing the subj…
Ah looks like it was removed per reported tweet... Was analysis from yesterday of Parler and their failed services
RT BOOM! U.S. TREASURY SANCTION RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE OPERATIVES BEHIND DISINFORMATION ATTACK AGAINST JOE BIDEN IN 2020 ELECTI…
Hugs and prayers.
RT Be wary of “unity” calls that are designed to excuse, obscure the conduct of people who must be held responsible. There can…
RT Top Republican aide on House Armed Services Committee Jason Schmid resigns. His blistering letter calls out congressional Re…
RT If the tech industry wants to continue to hold itself out to be morally superior because we're "building things that ch…
RT Against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion. So help me God.
RT 20 years after 9/11: “never forget” 6 days after an insurrection: “move on”
RT Canadian road rage...🤣🤣🤣
Today's Image of the Day: Georgia HUNCH Students 3D Print Parts for Space Station -
I've been reminded of this fact many times over the years.
Wow... 10 years... seems a bit longer than that. #MyTwitterAnniversary
RT One of the defining features of this era has been the most fragile of snowflakes, the brittlest of spirits, masquerading as…
Maybe you primed the pump
Why have I never watched #Letterkenny until the last week? I apologise for never watching it when you suggested it, and and thanks for convincing me I needed to jump in now.
Oddly they're becoming a Venn diagram
Offer still stands if you want to chat things through
RT After these FBI arrests, just think of all the basements that moms will be able to redecorate.
Considering its origins, or at _least_ shady, and their "verified" accounts needing to upload drivers licenses and such, yeah... I'd say that's a foregone conclusion.
I will admit no such thing.
Remotely OH: "The best thing about shredded wheat is that it goes with white OR red wine"
RT TONIGHT AT 8PM PACIFIC: I'm going to be taking drawing suggestions on my friend's Twitch stream. Leave a comment on the stream…
Slow 👏 clap 👏
I thought "magic missile" was a different side of DnD?
As the self-professed "Q--on Shaman", can't he just conjure up his own organic food? Cry me a fricking river... White male fragility right here
You mean like the many Presidents before him? How will he ever find the time?
Welp... 😂
RT Live look at the State Department webmasters
Oh this is soooo good. Whipped cream, canned fruits... What's not to love?
RT Call me an originalist, but I think the Framers of the Constitution intended the impeachment process to be used to remove a pr…
RT House Democrats have now introduced their resolution to impeach President Trump, charging him with “incitement of insurrection.” H…
RT i can tell. when the human’s heart rate goes up. it really stresses me out. so if we could all try to have a nice. boring…
If by "chew your cud" you mean "shitposting" then I think Matt's graduates with summa cum laude ribbon
Is there a certificate for this course?
Probably a bit more worrying if she also handed you the carving knife
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if she came back with a cow
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Demo 2 Mission launches into History -
Still unclear. But I'm deleting my tweet
Seems there is more info on this, and he was kicked off due to not wearing a mask
Milking the pipeline
🔥❄️🔥❄️🔥❄️🔥
Years of being told that you're the victim and being coddled does that to you
RT It’s easy to spot the people who got us to this point. They’re the same people telling us we need to move on.
RT My wife and I attended the “Stop the Steal” Trump Insurrection on Wednesday (as observers, NOT participants) and there…
RT congrats to parler on their new serverless platform
Ask how that worked out Sen as she was very concerned and felt Trump had learned his lesson at the previous impeachment.
RT Or imagine just reading me one time bro
RT I support impeaching President Trump. I'm sure people have reasonable, practical questions about why we should do this wh…
RT Look, if Parler goes, there's always IRC.
Easy answer is managed services of the open source thing. Not so easy once you dive into it, but that's generally the path as I have seen it.
RT the tech crackdown on Team Trump has been delightful but don't forget it's only happening because corporations took a lo…
RT Hey want to tag team this and see if we can get to stop hosting Parler’s codebase? They have to have…
RT BREAKING - has cut services with Parler, registration is now inoperable due to SMS capabilities being lost. T…
RT THREAD: Now that has announced they will no longer host many have speculated that they will ju…
Wait, wait... Cake is _not_ like Limp Bisquick...
RT This shirt is STILL on the TeeHands website. Please stop processing payments for this…
RT I have a very simple message for Republicans calling for unity without accountability: The United States does not nego…
Yes, they were successful. Glad you noticed.
Six studio albums and five award nominations might say differently.
Something, something, Cake is bad.
RT
No, it was a friend of mine. He was drunk.
OH: "I'm an avid cyclist"
This is the way
More confirmation... She's yours.
RT The 1st Amendment, 1984, and The Bible gotta be top 3 most cited material by people who didn’t read them
RT It’s worth repeating again that the catalyst for all of this was having the audacity to elect a Black person as president. Yes…
RT Yeah, sex is cool an' all, but have you ever witnessed a mad despot lose his social media account?
That did not go the way I thought it was going to
RT Sean Hannity &amp; Tucker Carlson: “You don’t understand the pain these men are feeling.” Me: “The pain that made them purchas…
Btw in case you forgot what the actually means from your days as a Supreme Court clerk, provided this awhile back
RT I like the president's new tone! Silent!
Hey snowflake ❄️. It's not a free speech issue for many reasons, but you're too coked up to have any cognition. Guess who's triggered now?
Snowflake. That's what you are. You aspire to be the next authoritarian leader, and you can't even get your Constitution right.
Hey, uh - you want to weigh in here? 🍿
Can confirm. 🍿
Good stuff right here
For more context... and a tl;dr... "MAGAt tased himself in the balls and died while holding onto the Tip"
Finally! Let's see how long this lasts though
A part of history I was never taught (Wikipedia source: in my whitewashed, Conservative upbringing history classes, books, and narrative.
Made his bed with the Devil. He showed his true colors when he began licking Trump's boots _AFTER_ saying Trump was a "race-baiting, xenophobic religious bigot" (SOURCE: and a "jackass" (SOURCE: Good riddance #LeningradLindsey.
This thread...
RT Mike Pence is a coward.
Right... The evidence of you inciting the insurrection and terrorism says otherwise. Good luck with that.
RT Mark your calendars for next week's #devopspartygames in a non-US time zone! Featuring
RT We’re not asking you to shoot them like you shoot us, we’re asking you to NOT shoot us like you don’t shoot them...
RT What? Why do Trump supporters get to be so special? When more people voted for Hillary in 2016, and she lost still, was Ainsley…
Oh yeah... Sliced my fingers a few times taking it out of the dishwasher.
Today's Image of the Day: Northrop Grumman's Cygnus Space Freighter Departs Space Station -
Heck! You wouldn't mind a quick heads up from a fella who's about to steam press his Calvin's. #letterkennyWisdom
Florida State seminal vesicles
Out of context OH: “God I love Guinness” “I prefer it to ranch on wings” “Yeah Guinness is much better than ranch on wings.”
Quite a feat given the lies told by previous WH Press Secretary's Spicer and Huckabee-Sanders
RT if you have to say "america is so much better than this" every two weeks, maybe were not?
RT Let’s not be too charitable to republicans disavowing 45 at this point. Anyone who stands by a president who has fomented an…
Microsoft Access. The name says it all.
RT Every. Single. Word.
RT Sen. Cruz, you must accept responsibility for how your craven, self-serving actions contributed to the deaths of four people yeste…
The #SeditiousSix #RememberTheirNames
Today's Image of the Day: Behold: The City of Boston at Night! -
Yeah I copied directly from the book (ebook's ftw!!!)
“Devs particularly value the opinions of others like them, &amp; want tech that is supported by a community of other devs like them; they want a community that is growing &amp; enthusiastic.” — Developer Marketing and Relations: The Essential Guide by
RT And you thought "Taking A Knee" was too much!?!
Yeah, he's old. But do you _really_ think he's safe in the seat? Utah is finicky about titles from what I know from people there. Being a "Republican" matters.
Yup...
Ahh those were the days, when you could just create and then modify your slides as you presented. Now we have to build 75 slides for a 20min talk. Technology was a bad idea.
Yeah I got the same thing via LinkedIn.
Final survey released by at the opening keynotes of #OSSummit is the 2024 World of Open Source: Global Spotlight survey Take it at
Another release from at #OSSummit is the 2024 State of Open Standards survey. Take it here
The is releasing the 2024 Secure Software Development Education survey... Take it at
At #OSSummit the is releasing their 2024 State of Tech Talent report
RT If GenAI will draw an elephant with five legs and two trunks when asked to draw a simple elephant, imagine exciting things…
At #OSSummit the session to introduce #Valkey starts with the chorus of Taylor Swift's "We are never ever getting back together"
And they're both approaching it from different directions. They can, and should, work together.
That's a solid morning
RT Last week I was in Vegas for #GoogleCloudNext. I showed a comprehensive guide for deploying websites to Google Cloud starti…
'Murica!
Escape Room fun eh?
Oh I see his suggestion of using worked out!
Hmm... So Little Marco all of a sudden decides to speak UP _AFTER_ the fact, while he was a party to the whole thing from the beginning. That's not truth Marco. Also - nice touch as an elected representative only allowing those YOU follow to reply to this nonsense.
I just don't see it... He went back to Utah to get elected. There's no way he gets re-elected if he's an Independent in Utah. As principled he might seem, he's every bit the opportunist.
Well, it seems a lot of people did 😑
But yet.... Maybe he will?
RT would never want to be the president and get banned from Twitter for 12 hours. not because of substantive stuff but that'…
This is bloody Twitter
s/stuff/shit Ftfy
Watching #HistoryOfSwearWords on Netflix tonight and it is sooo cathartic
RT Please retweet if you agree Lindsey Graham gets no points for doing this now. None. Zero.
RT It wasn’t today’s events that distinguished bad people from good people. That moment has long passed.
#LeningradLindsey is drunk off his goard...
RT Today has shown police don’t need de-escalation training, they choose who to escalate on, that’s not a training issue. P…
RT As soon as the session ends, Pence should gather the cabinet and the head of the Joint Chiefs, McConnell, Schumer and Pe…
"Who is - Exactly.
[3/3] My heart aches for the U.S., and I fear we are on a path to danger with Democracy here. But I LOVE the U.S. That’s all I really have to say.
[2/3] I have been so wrecked today. I have cried tears whenever I think of what the Asshat in Charge has wrought on our Country, whenever it’s mentioned how the Capitol was desecrated. But I LOVE the U.S.
I love the United States. I get frustrated with Her, and pissed off at many Americans and our Leaders. But I LOVE the U.S. [1/3]
FINALLY. This better not e posturing. He needs to go. NOW.
Great speech from on the Senate floor
RT White privilege is violently storming the US Capitol and just...being sent home.
Hey do you want to drop some knowledge on this ridiculous comment?
RT Here’s my statement on today’s violence at the Capitol.
RT Hmm. Nooses and confederate flags? Wow—maybe this whole thing wasn’t about economic anxiety, but about something else...
I want to go tell everybody that I told four years ago how this would end almost to a tee... I want to tell them I told them so but I just can't
Absolutely. And from what we know some machines were left wide open in the rush to escape the terrorists.
RT Dear I would like to formally apply for the position of running Trump's Twitter account. My credentials are attached…
He _should_ be, but the Senate _won't_. Sadly.
RT Senators and should immediately resign.
RT Dear Media friends: STOP calling them “protestors” ... they are domestic terrorists!
This is on you. You did this. You are the national embarrassment.
You enabled this. This is on you and the GOP. You threw gasoline on the fire. You let Trump light the match. You, and the other seditionists and insurrectionists, are guilty of all of this.
But sure, let's deploy them when black protestors kneel
RT Remember how all the smart and cool Washington people told us we were stupid to worry about this happening?
RT This is all on your hands All you s…
I am in literal tears over this. The GOP (largely) at Trump's bidding is attempting the very coups we see around the world.
RT And still - STILL - Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley &amp; co are enabling this. They are responsible.
RT Turn on your television and look at what Donald Trump and the Republican Party did to America.
RT To the anti-anti-Trumpers who for years told the Never Trump people that we were overreacting, that we were being alarmis…
Congrats! That's a great first gig!!!
RT The votes of Black people have been suppressed in this nation for a very long time. This is the dawning of a new day.
That and when it's mentioned "it's someone's duty" or other uses of the word "duty"
RT . what do you know about vaccine distribution
I endorse this, but want to clarify that this applies to all variants of Coke, right? I'm a Coke Zero and Diet Coke person.
You didn't say that... 😆
Amsterdam is in the EU, so that's a big plus....
RT Listen in to my chat with for loads of wisdom, like: 🔬 Applying laser focus vs a broad perspective 🏁 Lowering the…
“developers are particularly averse to generic, aggressive or repetitive messaging about tools/products/services. Instead, they want relevant &amp; meaningful info &amp; the opportunity to make up their own minds.” — Developer Marketing and Relations: The Essential Guide by
Today's Image of the Day: Lucy Mission to Study Trojan Asteroids -
That was going to be my guess
RT If your side wins it’s legit but if the other side wins they cheated. Duh.
I recall this being
Is this one of those "I am in trouble if you see me tweet about _________" tweets?
Get some nice wool ones with traction on the bottom and they’re kinda like shoes
Politeness. It goes a long ways.
Nice bowl of pho
I often wear slippers but they’re warm, so I alternate with nice wool socks. It’s also winter here and my office, err dungeon, is in the basement where it’s cooler than the rest of the house.
This is not hyperbole... This is fact... The GOP is out of control and actively thwarting democracy. And remember, Trump had the Pennsylvania GOP State Senators to the White House before Christmas... Guarantee this is what they planned.
Holy shit...
Adding to my list to watch... I’ve always viewed a colourful, and full, use of the English language to be an ass et to any relationship. When I have to censor my words with family and some friends it never feels authentic.
I submitted have you?
RT Did you know that we have a virtual DevOpsDays Texas planned for March 2nd and 3rd 2021? It's free and going to be li…
“#DevOps is form without content until we address the question of what goes in to the pipeline and what happens when product emerges at the other end.” — The Art of Business Value by Mark Schwartz
Today's Image of the Day: Pareidolia: Seeing Shapes in the Cosmos -
Oh for sure... though McConnell has shady Russian dealings over the last 4 years which adds to his evil villian motif
I really hate to sound like a conspiracy theorist, but with Trump being propped up by Russia (loans, election, etc) I would bet that the FSB has kompromat on every single Republican that could say something (Cruz, Graham, McConnell, Rubio, etc), and so they all changed their tune
Major energy right here... New (work) year begins!
RT This feels as surreal and ridiculous as a mob film, starring the Marx Brothers, directed by Mel Brooks, with a soundtrack fr…
Hey hey! #NotInBedYet
RT I continue to be encouraged by Georgia Republicans including Brad Raffensperger, Gabriel Sterling and others who, even if…
RT According to my research, Devin Nunes is the first person history to receive the Medal of Freedom AND sue a fictional cow
This is how I was taught and I cringe whenever I see someone doing it wrong
Mute button. In 2021 we shall learn what that mythical option does.
Oh there's a special "user" type 0r all those I've recommended
🤔 good question.... 1. DNS 2. White asshat complaining about accountability 3. DevRel: closer to sales, marketing, or product? 4. K8s something or other 5. Definition of DevOps, and why it's in a banana stand 6. DNS, of course
Glad I'm not the only one 😂
This does explain a lot of my experiences in life
Good thread with graphs to show how "trickle down" economics worked, but not for you
Obviously Sasha - it's not even close!
Making that hat look good Sasha! Congrats! 🎉🔥
The hypocrisy knows no limits, or sanity really
Hey so they were made public: Quiplash: XLP-MYNB Drawful 2: MBT-FZVK
YOU ARE UTTER AWESOMENESS RAIN!!
When you want to congratulate someone publicly but have to wait for them to announce it first...
Bootlicking fascist wannabe autocrats does that to you
So... You would have been fine if the Nixon tapes weren't leaked as existing. Got it. Some small dick energy there mate.
Today's Image of the Day: Tending the Plant Habitat-02 -
RT Tomorrow is Election Day in Georgia and the stakes could not be higher. We’re seeing how far some will go to retain power…
Congrats! That's amazing!
RT There’s no reconciliation without truth. There’s no peace without justice.
Last day of vacation...
“the way to developers’ hearts and minds is a two-way conversation.” — Developer Marketing and Relations: The Essential Guide by Some really good things in this book... I do recommend
What is this "over-syruped" you speak of?
You set the price range for the coffees
Pretty awesome actually... Using that link you'll get a free bag (and I will too). They'll send you a wireless scale which you keep the coffee on and based on your usage over a few weeks they'll auto order new, fresh coffee (based on prefs) and have it to you before you're out.
Orange and Lemon Lime were my go to growing up, with Fruit Punch a close third. Those were also the only flavours at the time.
What I love about my coffee subscription from is I'm automatically getting coffee ordered when low (via wireless scale) and delivered to me direct from roasters, like this Guatemala Trapichitos via Seven Coffee Roasters in Seattle.
So glad you noticed my early body double work
Well a picture needed to be taken and your sister was just in the way
Hear, hear! 🙏🎉
RT Instead of $740 billion to the military, we could’ve lowered it to: $739B + free laptops &amp; internet for every poor stu…
Classic bowl cut
"British" English == the Queen's English
Who knew that "Third kid from the left" in the Brady Bunch movie would be your kickstart to fame?!
I'm so honoured!
You should have seen me during my football career
So, let me get this straight Congressman... You were elected on the same ballot, and same machines, that President-Elect Joe Biden was. Are you calling for your election to be invalidated too?
If only had the balls, well any balls at all really, he'd deal with these seditious traitors
Boom...
Ahhh those were the days!
I'm ordering Taco John's. This is going to go well.
So comfortable... Worn jeans already the last 2 days
RT 🚨Do you want to learn a new #technical skill? Our 70+ networks host online events on topics such as #blockchain, #machine…
RT If anyone starts to say "2021 will be a good year, can't be worse than 2020" please immediately shove a sock in their mouth
RT New year, same old #disinfo. The election wasn't stolen. Anyone that tells you otherwise, including the President and the ob…
It's just missing pineapple to round out the delicious
Oh yes... This is the way
Dang it... Now I gotta watch this again... Is there a conspiracy wrapped up in this that could be a good episode of #quicheanon?
I played for like the first week? And then lost interest... Is it still worth playing?
So many great moments in that movie!
RT 2021, you got this
Couldn't get the rights to 50 Shades?
A great 🧵 on why using "illegals" is part of the problem
This too was one of my favourite scenes from #SchittsCreek... Still brings a tear to the eye(s).
Money. Anal. Nachos.
I will gladly get things from the top shelf for you
"Forgive me, El Guapo. I know that I, Jefe, do not have your superior intellect and education. But could it be that once again, you are angry at something else, and are looking to take it out on me?”
#HappyNewYear2021
RT Farewell to a huge piece of shit
RT
Very... Specific.
Happy New Year to you both!
RT I love New Year’s Eve. So much excitement! In need of a resolution? Well, here’s a list of a couple of my rules for livin’ to…
Biscuit with his paw on Alice as they chill on the floor and say goodbye to 2020
Fair... lol
John Scalzi's "Old Man's War" series is amazing, but probably a bit long
He prefers to stand around and ignore kids being raped #GymJordan
"Not so fast El Guapo! Or I'll pump you so full of lead you'll be using your dick for a pencil!"
Family tradition of watching #TheThreeAmigos on New Years is in full swing
Congrats to !!!
RT Whatever you do tonight just don’t taunt 2021 by saying it couldn’t possibly be worse than 2020. Don’t even think about…
Yeah hairy legs are always the party leg
RT You can learn about someone based on the company they keep...
This is sedition and disgraceful
RT McConnell held a conference call with Senate Republicans this morning in which he pressed Hawley multiple times to explai…
I want one, but can't being myself to pay the large up front cost
RT Sometimes the greatest gifts are the most unexpected and something you never realized you wanted until it was given. #T…
RT according to my data. cuddles were up by 147% this year. hugs up 93%. and long hugs up by nearly 700%. while these stats…
RT "Global uncertainty will lead to ever-evolving shifts in software development," - CircleCI CTO, Rob Zuber ( Find out w…
Especially one which could be read in between sips of LaCrap
Today's Image of the Day: Chaos at the Heart of the Orion Nebula -
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a great friend, amazing conference speaker, and fellow soap-washing cast iron fiend
44 and still drive one
Awesome!
RT I can finally cross this off my "to-do" list. #BetterLateThanNever
Some good Quiplash 3 prompts from family games tonight
Yeah, I had to help her move from StraightTalk to T-Mobile earlier in the week
Happy birthday!! 🎉🎉
What about the 80mil+ Americans who also lawfully voted, and those who died to allow you to be an asshole? Or the whole Democratic system America is founded on? What about that? Or, Hawley, are you too chickensh!t to take your lips off of Trump's boots and stand up to him?
Finally had to call CenturyLink tech support &amp; spoke to an amazing person, Marissa. They embodied how someone should empathise &amp; communicate with someone experiencing an issue. With their help, we were able to get things sorted _hopefully_. Whoever manages Marissa, promote them!
RT Remember when we found out that Hawley is a fraud who doesn’t even live in Missouri?
RT It’s fucking ridiculous that the spends TRILLIONS of dollars bailing out corporations that make stupid financial de…
So it's been 2 days - DM'ed with "Scott" a few times on the 28th and there's all sorts of issues that he hasn't yet resolved, it's been 40+ days since my MIL upgraded to 100MB and we're _still_ at &lt;20MB ⬇️ / &lt;1MB ⬆️... I guess she needs to look elsewhere?
Quality year in review
Today's Image of the Day: Retrofuturistic NASA Space Art -
I say this during every #devopspartygames
Deep fat fried, right?
A _really_ good thread on #community
Nope.
RT Seriously, enough of this Space Force nonsense. Yes, I know it's in the law. And the law can be changed. This was an idio…
RT Hey #DevOps friends, #TabletopDevOps kicks-off TOMORROW NIGHT at 8pm-ish EST. (follow for notifications!) I'm thrilled…
Just reboot it.
I personally feel like my range of emotions for the year went through all of these
Of course they have... they know they have to in order to survive the runoff
With a bit of an authoritarian, fascist take
Has to keep raising money for his debts
Shoney's... Their "All-you-can-eat Breakfast Buffet" on Sunday's was amazing after church... Now it's just sus
Yes.
Today's Image of the Day: Looking Back: Dr. George Carruthers and Apollo 16 Far Ultraviolet Camera/Spectrograph -
Yes.
RT Trump literally ran on not being too afraid to acknowledge radical terrorism *and* on defending Christmas, and it’s be…
I just got referred to as "my son-in-law who is in tech support" so that's fun
Absolutely. Where do I sign up?
RT Dominion lawyers sent this BRUTAL letter to Mellissa Carrone saying, "you [pretended] to have some sort of ‘insider’s knowl…
Same
Hey - that 1bar of 5G is the same as yours... So... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ But yes. Internet speeds in the US are generally not good across the board with rare exception (Google Fiber at home is amazing)
RT Fuck it. Letting the t rex out
RT ☕️☕️🥳🥳🎂🎂🥳🥳☕️☕️ Happy birthday ☕️☕️🥳🥳🎂🎂🥳🥳☕️☕️ The #Java community is better becaus…
OH: I'm not cocky, I know HTML
OH: We gotta get our shit together
And by sending it, Hashicorp gave OpenTofu legitimacy. They would have been better served to just ignore them, but no.
Excellent
See ya soon!
Hah! Nice. I'll see ya soon then.
I'm now in Seattle for Open Source Summit. You gonna be here?
See ya there
RT 4 days left before #cdCon 2024! Safe travels! See you all at #OSSummit ✈️ Event details:
You're looking good
RT Considering attending DevOpsDays KC 2024? Join us for 2 days of learning, networking, &amp; all things #DevOps on May 15-16!…
There is even an entire genre which goes into great detail. Also, congrats!!!
Hell, if you don't have a free tier that has all the things necessary to kick the tyres with no expiration date, I'm not interested
I got mine in the mail this year with my bag tags (which I already have too many to count - and won't use)
Drink some prune juice then?
Go take a nap?
Umm.... what?
My Jam? Pearl.
That’s pretty much my same with 1bar of 5G here at her house
Oh there's a reason CenturyLink is notoriously rated from bad-to-terrible
It’s not wireless speeds - exact same when connecting via wired. Sending you a DM with little hope since your Sr. Tech Support brushed my MIL aside earlier today with a “oh it’ll be fixed by 5p”
#blameMary
.⁦ ⁦ you are the absolute worst... MIL is paying for 100mb down (after changing 45d ago) and you still haven’t upgraded her. After calling it was supposed to be fixed today by 5p MT... Newsflash... it isn’t. These speeds are terrible.
When you hold me in your arms so tight...
Deep inside of me....
One of us has failed, and it's not me for once.
Very close minded of you
RT STOP dismissing Gohmert's suit to have Pence overturn the election as "far-fetched." It's sedition. Gohmert is guilty o…
Right?
Wait... She'd never seen this masterpiece?
Proclaiming this louder for those in the back... "DOMESTIC TERRORISM IS THE GREATEST THREAT TO AMERICA" -FBI
RT The difference in tone and language when a terrorist is white is apparent and appalling.
And Trump went golfing... This Administration has proven for almost 4 years that they have no idea what they are doing, and are only in it for themselves. This isn’t news.
Dat nose..... 🤩
RT Bezos &amp; the Waltons got $104 billion richer this year. Target, Lowe's, Apple, Home Depot, Dick's &amp; Best Buy stock is a…
Today's Image of the Day: Shaping a Spiral Galaxy -
RT I didn’t realize there were so many euphemisms for “white suicide bomber terrorist.”
RT Every story about a non-white criminal of any kind reads like it was written by his worst enemy and every story about a…
My fighters? Foo.
RT Trump has signed the $900 billion relief bill, but only after forcing his own party to vote against $2,000 stimulus ch…
It's just an appetizer, so as many times as you want
Family Quiplash has some good nuggets tonight
That might have been why 2020
RT Decided to post my first dick pic. Am I doing it right?
Monday has been so slow....
RT MAGA... remember!! These stimulus checks are a bailout. It’s socialism... so please make sure you return them to the gov…
Hey! I'm from KC, have a wife, 3 kids, and 2 beagles who all put up with me to varying levels. I started following you during the initial honk fest of the Untitled Goose Game &amp; stayed for your k8s content &amp; social voice, and being an amazing human.
So sorry for your loss Amara!
Dunkin's Donuts and Coffee suck
See that's a good food take
As a lifelong fan, this is the most Raider thing ever
Matrix Revolutions was pretty good
RT Wash cast iron with soap.
OH: "Are you familiar with the term 'hump'?"
In all fairness, 30yrs have passed since that photo... But thanks!
Teen you ➡️ Adult you
Merry Christmas!
My hero
One of the funniest podcast episodes I've ever listened to, this one from and my friends and is awesome! Make sure you subscribe
OH1: "Do you need a hug?" OH2: "Do you need a dog pile?" OH3: "I need a PayPal"
Sweet... I'm blocked
Seems someone got the better end of that deal
RT It’s easier to get a pardon than a stimulus check.
It's Christmas... "Treat yo self!" Thanks Sapp Bros truck stops!
Happy birthday to who gives so much to the #devops community!
RT Telling a joke on Tech Twitter is like doing stand-up in a room that is filled with 99 cool people and 1 person who has n…
"Over the years I got to be quite the connoisseur of soaps"
Love you friend. Sending comfort.
He 👏 deserved 👏 what 👏 he 👏 got 👏 and 👏 more.
This 🧵... 😥 Trump pardoned these murderers and monsters who worked for Blackwater, who were owned at the time but Erik Prince who is the brother of Betsy DeVos. This is sickening, and there is no reason they should have been pardoned. The cruelty is the point with Trump.
Are those supposed to cancel themselves out? Because I see both as fantastic
RT 2021 Predictions Ebook: Community as a Strategic Advantage, contributed by Mary Thengvall. Learn more:
Oh yeah he's blitzed
So... Thanksgiving?
I didn't know I needed this until now
But have you seen Bigfoot?
OH: "You eating brussel sprouts makes them even more gross"
That's a great statement - I'm wondering who voted to allow him to stay in office a year ago when _everyone_ knew this is who he is. Oh that's right. How's your vote feeling now?
RT 57,429 Georgians who already cast a ballot in the Jan 5 runoffs did not vote at all in the presidential election. Half or…
RT [NEW RELEASE] 97 Things Every Cloud Engineer Should Know -- These concise articles curated by &amp;
RT How many houses are you guys gonna buy with your $600? I’m thinking 5.
He loves his heroes
And it has something against Imagine Dragons
Yeah they bought it back in 2018
I do not... I can probably find someone?
Agreed, it totally depends on the whiskey for me. This article was pretty good, though it focuses a lot ok Scotch if I recall.
Highly recommend PagerDuty, but have friends across the DevOps spectrum.
I feel attacked, pitied, and seen all at once
As we've kinda stalled, I want to thank all of you for the joy and fun this has brought the last week or so, and may 2021 bring good things.
RT Pardoning war criminals is a slap is the face to every veteran who has ever served this country honorably.
RT We have a collective obsession with data. Instead of asking "What should we measure?", we should ask, "What questions don't…
Aww Tim.... 😊☺️
That's part of the issue for me... Jokes on him as I'm probably cancelling Spotify and he'll have to stick with YouTube Music 😂🤣
Yeah I share my Spotify with my youngest who plays it in his room at night... Spotify needs profiles bad..
My youngest has been using my Spotify (because Spotify doesn't do profiles for some reason) so I can only imagine what this will turn out as
It's a special section they teach at white boy health class
True love right there
This classic #devops thread is peak Matt Stratton
RT Hey Folks! I'm really excited to be slowly getting this project off the ground and would love for you to join in and spread…
"CNN: Trump announces wave of pardons, including Papadopoulos and former lawmakers Hunter and Collins."
RT
Oh, you're joining Parler?
RT I'm sorry, but if you think you are more valuable than others, please rethink your relationship to yourself, other people…
RT Waiting patiently for the pro-life party to condemn Trump's pardon of war criminals who massacred Iraqi civilians or d…
They all do, including Kirk's Turning Point where he's speaking... 😡
Well, since Kat said she wasn't afraid to mess around with it... Jekyll makes sense as it hasn't been updated since the last decade.
Hugo or Gatsby with Netlify and NetlifyCMS. has a few nice templates to get you started
Well, yeah....
I legit have had both of those.... Not gonna lie... They're good.
If you're wondering about the recent #TrumpPardons, a good breakdown of them
GOP in #KSLeg is largely to blame for this as they handcuffed what the Governor could do "This Kansas county has the worst COVID death rate in the US | The Wichita Eagle"
Yeah I said out loud "BOSCH!"
Legit so excited for you!
Congrats that is so amazing
Good socks and coffee... Yep, that's about it
Enjoy the break and I know you'll be refreshed for whatever is in store next! 🔥
RT Much like our parents with the JFK assassination, everyone my age remembers exactly what they were doing when they found…
It's been 12 hrs now... How were the tacos?
Dang it. That's really what I wanted at 1a this morning, not tortilla chips and an oatmeal cookie.
RT The 74-year-old president of the United States wants to impose martial law because he’s not getting his way, but women a…
This thread so perfectly encapsulates Christmas...
RT Col. Lawrence Wilkerson suggested that the military recall Fynn to active duty and court martial him for incitement to insur…
RT It’s interesting to watch my GOP colleagues who refused to wear a mask or practice social distancing, and who attended “…
Yeah it's clear here
I'll angel invest
RT sure canada has monthly stimulus and universal healthcare but think of all the freedom that its cost them
LOL I guess I assumed you could do this at home ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
So you're saying you're streaming conferences from your bike in tour underpants?
Have you done this yet? And if so, why not?
So which conference did you just stream from your bedroom in your underpants?
Their caskmates series is just so damn good. Thanks for reminding me I need to get some more!
OH: "I've started replying to conversations with 'upvote' and 'retweet'...." My daughter. My daughter said this. That is all.
Would be the highest grossing reality show of all time
RT That report about a massive error rate with Dominion voting machines in a rural Michigan county? Total nonsense. Antrim Co…
We’ve (everyone but my oldest) now decided to move on, and so I supposedly will be coming back to this later. Stay tuned?
So back this second grade level of tweeting (my son’s words again) evidently in a book, it has plot - these tweets don’t have them and are, again, lackluster. My oldest now wants his sister’s opinion on how this is to be conveyed... A momentous moment.
Now that I have added a lot of subtext (which my oldest says no one cares about)... What really happened in the kitchen is there was spicy things which happened, which my son is still trying to get me to correct my tweets above but that’s not how Twitter works (thanks )
Everyone’s trying to be heard over this emotional scene.. Some tears might have been shed. Again, not the point here. (My oldest does not like my storytelling and proceeds to again say my tweets are lackluster. He no longer is in the will. Remind me to call the lawyer tomorrow)
..where it’s at the scene of “Climb Every Mountain”, They proceed to turn it up to 100 (11 was high enough) to drown out the yelling.
Ok - I had some of the chicken nuggets but that’s not the point of this thread. So while the exaggerated yelling happens, my youngest son goes downstairs to get away, and my daughter goes into the living room with my wife who’s watching The Sound of Music...
So we’ve reached peak quarantine here in my house... My oldest makes a bunch of chicken nuggets, then proceeds to eat most of them and my daughter didn’t get any. She only wants one... loud, exaggerated yelling ensues between all of the house
Climb every 🏔️, fjord every 🏞️
My son is snapping his fingernails in my ear
My wife is playing the scene with "Climb Every Mountain" on repeat on the TV at max volume
My son just used the word lackluster
Everyone is subtweeting each other in my house
The importance of having a working Administration
If you're thinking this thread is hyperbole.. it's not...
Come on Mitch... The House passed this originally back in May, and then passed a revised version AGAIN to try and work with you in October.. And you're only now getting to it? You're doing the _worst_ job ever, and that's saying something...
Exlax makes me need to crap... Goes right through me. I guess I'm allergic...?
I did based on and their great thread about this a week or so ago... I always want to do note taking on my laptop, but always end up writing in a notebook. I'm looking forward to getting mine next month.
Both of these are solid abstracts in and of themselves
Help me out here sir - is this a comparison picture (overweight)? Or a study in contrasts (one fought fascism, understood &amp; spoke English vs. a blubbering baffoon who has presided over the deadliest year for American's, lied over 20k times, &amp; is a fascist)? It's really confusing.
RT What if Joe Biden owned a private international business called the Biden Organization, didn’t divest, and had his childr…
Yes, it unfortunately was
OMG... Life in General was soo good... Still holds up.
"Black Balloon" is an amazing, deep song... I remember Iris more for its unfortunate inclusion in "City of Angels"
Kevin Griffin did an unplugged set opening up for Dolores O'Riordan here in KC back in 2009/2010... It was such a good show.
He's everything we want, everything we need
Still one of my favourite bands... "Open Road Song" is my go to when starting a mix
watch it spin round to a beautiful oblivion; rendezvous then I'm through with you
Without saying your age, post 4 albums that came out when you were 14
Knew something didn't look right about this photo... Emily's right (honestly no surprise ther
I'm not saying that all Republicans are self-righteous, hypocritical asshats... but... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Really excited for this! Great job Ana!
"Where's the rest of the vacuum?" wasn't something I figured my children would ever say, but here we are.
You can cook... And destroy anyone who gets in their way.. so...
I'm about to start it myself! Can't wait!
RT The deepest irony of this whole “I’m a Republican so I only respect doctors who are medical doctors,” thing is that 300,…
RT This is the clearest image of Pluto captured by the New Horizons probe
Only to then get the note that it is delayed and will be delivered sometime in the next 5 days
Yes. A lot of droids.
It was soo good... Great build up
Oh I know... Anything to get out of a talk 🤣😂
The build up was sooo good
Fire alarm go off?
Shitty fish that feeds on the bottom? Yep.
Not far off.. a few twists and turns over the seasons but that's a good early assessment
Actually I can get around that #wwpd
I tend to do the opposite of Cz
carp
So I've reached the point of the week where I'm not sure if I've showered yet.
This is quality, wholesome content right here
It was, quite honestly, solid advice
Also, that's how you optimise velocity
See...? DevOps saves the day.
Makes sense, but have you heard about DevOps?
TFW you think your flight is a 4hr flight but it's actually a 5hr flight
🍿 + 🍺
Spicy take. But where's the lie?
Ahh your flight is a bit earlier than mine. I board in 15min.
After another amazing (thanks again to and and their team), I'm heading to Seattle for a week at #OpenSourceSummit #OSSNA where I'll be speaking at #cdCon. I look forward to catching up with a lot of you all. See you soon!
I'm assuming you plan on going. Take me with you.
That's good. Real good.
Yes! It was awesome - thanks for flying back specifically for #devnexus #SpeakerDay karaoke
It was my pleasure! Will definitely have to do it again!
Holy Shit Carla!! That's awesome
Congrats on an awesome career at Twilio! Can't wait to see what's next
RT a little Friday afternoon treat: dropping the summary of the day two talks from #monkigras!
Where's the lie?
Karaoke happening at #SpeakerDay
The #SpeakerDay evening with
Duckpin bowling with and at #SpeakerDay 2024
And what exactly was the trillions in tax cuts to the rich, and _only_ the rich, that the GOP has pushed through over the last 4 years ? Or the billions per DAY... PER DAY... that the DOD spends? We never hear you ask "well how are we going to pay for that?"
OH: "Don't dive into dicks if you don't have to"
RT Still time to claim your free stuff! The theme of the kit is cozy 🧦
OH: "I just feel like as a civilization, we should have made making GIFs easier by now"
Today's Image of the Day: A Great Conjunction Draws Near -
RT As tough as this moment is in the country, as dark as these days of winter seem, I am still more optimistic about the future…
RT Going live in 5 mins on Twitch channel!
Yes. Yes it does. Always. Almost like it should be a requirement daily.
RT We almost have a bipartisan COVID package, but at the last minute Republicans are making a demand that WAS NEVER MENTIONED…
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 8: Earthrise -
Today's Image of the Day: Stellar Snowflake Cluster -
Today's Image of the Day: Stellar Jewel Box -
Add some OJ and you can check off scurvy while you're at it
Do I need to find out where bought the days of the week thing and buy you a days of the year version?
If dysentery hadn’t gotten me, I’m sure the propensity of the ruling class to get rid of their court jester’s at a moment’s whim would have done me in.
RT BREAKING: Members of Congress who spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on living expenses a year are confused why the…
Mary.. there are only 366 days in 2020..
Because... You know how accurate it is, which is why it makes you laugh so hard?
RT Trump University. Not paying contractors. Exploiting undocumented workers. Not paying income taxes. Yeah, let's get thos…
I hear Susan Collins is deeply concerned
Yessss! As a former barista/coffee shop owner, people don't get how crazy a job it can be.
Oh no this is not good. Glad you're there!
Did you also tell her that it isn't the 293rd day of March, but instead March 292?
Why did I not know that did a cover of "99 Red Balloons"?
My DMs are open anytime.
This mix is going in an interesting direction with The Outfield's "Your Love", and then Volbeat's "Guitar Gangsters &amp; Cadillac Blood"...
Cold.
Hah - mostly internal tbh around how we're tracking things and working with other teams... but I would be happy to sit down any time if you want to bounce thoughts around.
Currently listening to "Funky Cold Medina" while writing some #DevRel processes... I have no idea how these are going to turn out as a result.
Watching this space.....
How's this working out for you?
Yes, I did just setup my NAS to be my Time Machine backup disk. No more unplugging my laptop from my docking station, only to be presented with "YOU ASSHAT! YOU JUST DISCONNECTED YOUR EXTERNAL DRIVE AND MOST ASSUREDLY IT WILL BECOME CORRUPTED". Or something like that.
RT
I've seen this sentiment in a few places... The only variable missing would be the end of the Great War.
You informed the American people how small Trump's dick was during the debates, and then were intimate with him the last 4 years; you allowed "locker room talk"; you knew the truth about Russia's involvement and have echoed Trump's lies since Day 1. So maybe sit this one out?
RT early stage DevRel has basically been on my mind my entire DevRel career. when you are in DevRel at an early stage company,…
OH: "The vibes are immaculate"
However... I grew up learning that it did, and everyone teaching/telling it believed it. But those perpetrating the lie knew better and just kept padding their pockets and helping the middle class shrink.
Oh yes for sure!
So let me get this straight... You're telling me that half a century of rich guys giving other rich guys tax breaks didn't work out like we were told it would? "SHOCKED!", I say, "SHOCKED!!!"
You're going to want to get in on this before they're all gone!
Subscribing to your Soundcloud
To be fair.. that sounds fun too
Thank you for context!
AMEN.
Today's Image of the Day: Entering the Martian Atmosphere with the Perseverance Rover -
Oh the horror
I didn't before... So... ¯\(°_o)/¯
Also given the complexity of his description, seems like Max is drinking fake coffee billing itself as coming from the arse of an Indonesian cat.
Count me in
Tim.
“You know what the happiest animal in the world is? It's a goldfish. It's got a 10 second memory. Be a goldfish!” -
“He thinks he's mad now, wait till we win him over.” -
Walton: “Do you believe in ghosts?" Walton : "I do, but more importantly, I believe they need to believe in themselves." There is some wisdom there....
Walton: “How do you take your tea?" Walton :"Well, normally right back to the counter because there's been a terrible mistake."
"Takin’ on a challenge is a lot like riding a horse. If you’re comfortable while you’re doin’ it, you’re probably doin’ it wrong." -
Watching #TedLasso again for the 6th time... Just an amazing show and it always warms me heart.
Irony is dead.
I mean... The 3min "action sequence" he did alone didn't help
Sir, this is a Waffle House. "Good name and reputation" my foot...
So... Turned back something we didn't ask for, and then added something (checks notes) we didn't ask for...
So excited for you!!!
I love this sooo much
RT White evangelicals wanted Jesus to be more like Trump. Instead of wanting Trump to be more like Jesus.
😥 oh this is so sad Wesley! My thoughts and prayers are with you and his family in this loss.
It's hard to argue with... I'm sure there are pics out there with GCP juggalo's hanging around after work
People mixing their charcuterie and choccuterie boards are the worst....
This has made me giggle more than a few times today.
There are a few nice options from
Today's Image of the Day: Starry, Starry Night -
Ahh... I-70...
Lol... No. Those of us who have lived here most of our life know how to drive in snow.
I mean, I have my cast iron upright I'm selling as I upgrade to a pellet smoker...
See this makes sense. But to schedule 15min into the hour... Come on!
To start a 45min meeting at 1015..? The first 15min of that meeting is going to be spent waiting for people to join and tracking those down who aren't there..
15 minutes _after_ the hour...
....
Thank you so much to and joining me and in the final #devopspartygames episode of the dumpster fire that has been 2020.. To see the replay, visit
I love you.... But it's probably for the best... Have you _seen_ my gif choices?
To those who start a meeting at :15 after.....
And here I am stuck at &lt;2500... Been in this range for a loooong time
I feel seen... but not mentioned... =) #TeamPineapplePizza
Thank you for being a participant!
Oh tenting is happening
RT STREAM STARTING SOON! Tune in now at for tonight's edition of #devopspartygames, featuring
RT Our CFP is open. Please apply to speak at our virtual event on May 4th. Looking for both 20 min talks and 5 minute light…
TONIGHT! THIS IS TONIGHT! Who's joining me and this awesome group of players for the final #devopspartygames of the season tonight at 8p CT?
On the flip side I was that dipshit that ordered 1 banana thinking I was getting 1 pound of bananas
I am SOOOO HAPPY for you! This is just so exciting!
Ugh... Right?
RT This x100. Perfect summary:
Today's Image of the Day: Quasars Rip Across Galaxies Like Tsunamis -
Change starts at the top....
I was today year's old when I figured out how to make an Asana sub-task a high-level task. How's your Tuesday?
This insane thread has it all: sex (kinda?), drinking and driving, astronomy, nature, historical references, lies, sedition, treason, lies, delusion... It's a cornucopia.
RT “For security reasons, I really feel strongly that we should get them vaccinated as soon as we possibly can,” Dr. Fauci…
They actually do not... It's implied.
Hell yeah...
Such a good movie...
Take care mate! Look forward to hearing what is next for you!
RT I pledge to wear a mask the first 100 days of the Biden presidency... pass it on.
RT Dr. Jill Biden earned a doctorate in education and has every right to be called doctor. In fact, anyone with a PhD, DDS, MD,…
This is so sad...
RT Tonight the Electoral College officially voted to make and the next President and Vice Presiden…
🎶 "Hold me closer Tony Danza!" 🎵
Spot on, but I would say that Rush has always taken more breaths in between groupings of words than Ben has in his entire lifetime...
RT I love how obvious it is that trump wrote Barr’s resignation letter.
I feel seen
Props to Rep. Mitchell for speaking out and leaving the GOP, but let's not miss the fact that he said in July of 2019 that he wasn't running for reelection, and a new Republican takes his place next month. He's already out. This is a cowardly way to try and preserve his legacy.
RT These guys were at the MAGA rally this weekend in Washington DC. Please listen to every last word...
This is who we need to be as humans... This is an amazing story.
My wife would like to inform most of you all that you are horrible people.
Those who have an orange ring around the lips?
😮🤩
Steak tartare is amazing... 🤩🤩
Her response, "Angel fish. Angel fish."
A regular argument my wife and I have, is whether Nemo's mom is dead (she is), or alive (she is not).
Today's Image of the Day: Educational CubeSats to Launch on Virgin Orbit’s LauncherOne Rocket -
Imagine my surprise when I realised that had added me and I had forgotten that I had offered to help....
RT You’re watching Sportsmax. The network for REAL Jets fans.
RT I do not believe these are days for mincing words. I’m 63 1/2 years old &amp; I have never seen anything in these United Stat…
RT If covid isn’t a big deal — according to the current White House — why are they getting vaccinated first?
FWIW, and myself have been on a #schittscreek GIF marathon the last 60 hrs or so... It’s the gift that keeps on giving
I worked on the WLNP project at Sprint back in the day... Still have the shakes from the numbering databases and interop processes between industry and carriers
RT Welcome to the ultimate engineering #metrics guide for team success! Read on to find resources that will help your team make…
When they say what they really mean... This is what the Republican Party by and large has been about - suppress the vote so they can win. They are terrified of high turnouts as they know they will lose.
Ahh... Glamour Shots... (Don't) Miss those days...
RT Join us on Tuesday for a live demo to see how CircleCI and work together to increase app security:
RT Open Source software is Open Source, not free People invest a lot of time and money into building and supporting it These…
Spot on take. All of it.
Until that one time.....
I am open-minded and willing to be proven wrong. I worked at a bakery in high school which made the best wedding cakes, and they used buttercream. I could have been led astray, but...
RT Dear My father was a non-medical doctor. And his work benefited humanity greatly. Yours does, too.
I am so jealous right now. I want a Guinness or six.
RT The passage of the Kansas Nebraska act of 1854 allowed for the westward expansion of slavery. It’s passage broke the W…
Team Buttercreme for life...
We all make mistakes. What we do with that mistake matters. We can all do better.
RT Dr. Jill Biden. Pass it on.
You'll understand it as the movie goes on
RT You can use as a full-featured collaboration platform for API development and testing. Read this tutorial to lear…
RT
Side note... That's the first reused gif over the last 24hrs... Not bad
Happy Birthday to here at the #SpeakerDay 2024 #devnexus
I've heard this response many times, and frankly I have no idea why I haven't already watched it. Going on my iPad for travel the next 2 weeks
Love you Todd.
I tried the CBD seltzer 😜. It was ok-ish
RT ok, for Seattle friends and anyone in town for the OSS Summit, turns out Pine Box was already booked for a private event. so…
Will be there!
RT O.J. Simpson Allowed To Remain Living After Coffin Doesn’t Fit
Love you Matty.
Thanks for the warning. I usually use the UPS option, but sometimes get tempted on Whole Foods
One of the reasons the Java Community continues to be relevant - is a great leader and an even better person and friend
Yes he absolutely is!
So glad I got to hang with the awesome and genuine tonight at the #devnexus24 after party.
Yeah. It's. Yeah.
OH: I would go to Golden Gate Park, get high, and listen to "Plantasia". Me: Uh... WTF is "Plantasia"? OH: It's plant music - music for my plants. Me:
Abbey, have you met Chris?
I know can help you out and cut it for you
RT Picture it. December 2016. Hillary Clinton refuses to concede. Instead, she and Obama are personally calling the legislatures…
RT We're giving away 30 tickets for the CloudNative eXchange conference hosted by happening Monday and Tuesday! S…
RT If you're hanging out on the internet right now, come watch and host #DevOpsPartyGames right now (b…
Oh I know... I know.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Yeah I think the media will move on, but there's enough happened with the GOP the last few years, that I'm not so sure they uktimately get out from under it.
One upside to this attempt to derail American Democracy out in the open, is they all self-identified themselves. The history books will catalogue this as a nail in the coffin of the GOP &amp; they will be remembered with the likes of Arnold, Ames, &amp; the Rosenberg's. Good riddance.
Merrick Garland should truly be the pick... Would only fly if McConnell is out of the speakership, but it would so infuriate him it would be perfect.
RT 126 House Republicans supported the sham lawsuit that the Supreme Court just rejected.
RT Breaking via Reuters: U.S. SUPREME COURT REJECTS TEXAS LAWSUIT BACKED BY TRUMP CHALLENGING BIDEN'S ELECTION WINS IN FOUR…
OH: "DNS should be renumbered to RFC2010" #devopspartygames
RT The next few months will be tough. If you could use some help developing your non-technical skills for a happier, healthier w…
RT Let's git back to the basics: learn how to push a project to
RT It’s been years, and I still can’t over what an honor (and what fun) it is to do with
Wow this is spot on, tough, and challenging...
Jira and CircleCI integration!
And what did this criminal (facing 90yrs in prison btw), repeatedly elected official do in response? Opened up a lawsuit against democracy for an audience of one in order to seek a pardon. /Smdh
#TedLasso. Hands down.
If you're interested in how #nodejs and #cicd work together, go check Zan's stream out NOW!
Oh absolutely. No doubt in my mind.
Going to be a great time, and I can't wait to co-host with Ian!
Don't tell him that! Let him think his efforts count for something!
Today's Image of the Day: 50 Years of Research Using Langley's 14 by-22-Foot Subsonic Wind Tunnel -
Pence has a career as a fitness video dancer after we boot him and Trump from office
I am intrigued
The knock off Flava Flav clock on his uniform always gets me
RT “The legacy of that shield is complicated.” Marvel Studios’ The Falcon and the Winter Soldier, an Original Series, start…
He's definitely Mussolini
RT BREAKING: HAS SUBPOENAD TEXAS ATTORNEY GENERAL KEN PAXTON OVER BRIBERY AND OTHER CORRUPTION ALLEGATIONS 🔥🔥🔥
RT Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are TIME's 2020 Person of the Year #TIMEPOY
If you're in #cmgr or #devrel, take some time to contribute to this valuable #community survey
Top notch k8s content right here.
Yeah evidently AI isn't working so well
I just stopped myself from turning off the lights... So progress?
Hydrogen peroxide
RT Hire someone to lead community efforts. Make community their sole mandate. Give that person budget, people &amp; authority. O…
This is so important, and applies for DevRel as well
DANG IT FAA! I no longer have my drone, but now I want to get a new one!
RT Please wear a mask. I tweet about politics a lot (I know), but this is the least political thing you’ll hear me say: W…
Today's Image of the Day: Introducing the Artemis Astronauts -
🧵Wow. This list is amazing and long overdue as we as a society must begin to rethink the criminal justice system in America.
It hardly seems like it, and yet seems like more, but #DevRelCon UK 2019 was a year ago today... I miss so many of the people who were there this last year, many of whom I consider some of my closest friends, and I can't wait for the next time we're able to be together.
Power diet?
The roller coaster thread here...
Not even Gumby can compete here... Wow...
TIL about Myers-Briggs...
RT In the spirit of wrapping up 2020, what would you want to know about your CCI usage for the year? We want to know what you ca…
Today's Image of the Day: 3D Printed Rocket Parts and the Future of Spacecraft -
There were reports that some people did that actively, but they've since left the administration
RT 1/ Our goal this election was to connect people to authoritative info, limit harmful misinfo &amp; remove violative content…
"People can do a lot of harm in ignorance and others shouldn't need to be that person's guinea pigs on their path to growth either. At that point it becomes about who do you protect in harm reduction and what is the power differential?" 💥 -
YUM!
In all fairness, I'm already casually consuming pies.. and I blame COVID-19 of course.
Yep. It helps if you actually bring evidence to a trial... but then again, he is so in debt that as long as he can keep grifting the American people he will. Last I heard he'd raised over $300mil since Election Day and the majority is going to pay his bills.
Two weeks? I don't think he'll last through the end of Inauguration Week...
#crybabyTrump
#crybabyTrump
He must be new here from the Male Twitter Mansplaining Association
RT If Trump loses the election 5 more times he gets a free sundae.
RT In A Promised Land, I talk about the decisions I had to make during the first few years of my presidency. Here are some th…
RT So far, no court has found a single instance of election fraud.
“Rise of the Guardians” is a solid Christmas movie
RT "YAML sounds like a root vegetable. Or a tuber." "Like a tubernetes? Running as root?" "MOM!"
RT When I came to Congress, I knew I had a responsibility to pull back the curtain for the American people and expose corr…
So many good things in the season... So many great call outs to KC things and people
What user conferences are your favourites, and why? What sets them apart from any others? RT for reach please
Drop your top 4 games and let your followers decide if you have rights
Somebody let OrangeBaby watch Doctor Who, Star Trek, and Galaxy Quest... "Israel's ex-space boss: Trump was 'on the verge' of revealing extraterrestrials' existence"
RT Enough is enough. And it's been enough, for long enough. Enough said.
Yeah already a change in attitude with VDB on at halftime
When a competitor in your industry is presenting, and there are technical issues out of their control, don’t go into the conversation and troll. You just show yourself to be an asshat, and your company to be tasteless.
Yes. I have. When I wanted to be an ass and troll. Can't remember when I last was guilty of it though.
Nah that's ok.. that's what the wings in a 5 back defensive formation are supposed to do. It's on our defensive half he was getting stuck in instead of keeping shape. Now that we are back to a 4-2-3-1 attacking he's in a more natural position for him.
Shaw in the formation is another CB, and it's Telles without the defensive chops and Wan-Bissaka with laps of attention
And a referee who wants to be the star of the show... Referee’s should be seen, not heard... should blend into the background, not be heard all over the pitch arguing with players and coaches.
Yeah WTF? Wingbacks are nowhere to be found which is where all the attacking is happening...
RT I don't why people keep talking about vanilla JavaScript all the time. Clearly, they've never tried strawberry.
Oh, is that OAuth2 library any good?
RT I prefer my JavaScript coffee-flavored.
RT Sometimes when people don't make sense It's not because they are so much smarter than you It's because what they are sayin…
RT Can DevOps "go the distance?" believes that the alt-rock band Cake has been talking about DevOps all along. h…
RT Reading #devops for dummies from and interestingly some of the parts make me reflect on myself much more than…
RT Trump's worried pardons will make him and his family "look like criminals." Perhaps they should have thought of that befor…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA, Boeing Complete Series of Starliner Parachute Tests -
RT Chuck Yeager, a legend of American aviation, passed away
Still plenty of football
Fvck yeah! Also and other Austin folks were discussing this... A DevOps community Hallway Track only thing I'm in either way.
Take care of yourself Tim. Here for you.
It's good to see Alex Smith get the win, but I would have preferred Baltimore since we would own the head-to-head against the Steelers since we beat the Ravens, right?
MATTTT!!!! I'M SO ASHAMED FOR YOU!!!
RT Today, we remember those we lost at Pearl Harbor 79 years ago — and we salute those who answered duty’s call with strength an…
Sounds magical
RT To me, the most embarrassing thing in entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire world, as in I wann…
Which enemy did you vanquish, or curse did you break with said ceremonial dagger?
They did. That's why Trump lost. I'm counting all your legal victories. 1.
RT Republicans like to make fun of the fact that I used to be a waitress, but we all know if they ever had to do a double they’d be t…
Today's Image of the Day: Seeing the Station From Earth -
Yup. My wife has started putting jelly in the middle as a nice variation... You do kinda need to purchase an aebleskiver pan, but why would you not want one?
So you took the picture of us on our #chaoscamping trip in September, which is one of my favourite moments that we shared. Another was when and I surprised you and we went walking in Golden Gate Park. Another was brunch tubbing at Scale17 with
Pretty cool thing that and are planning for this month... "December Hack with Angel - Get help with your project!"
RT What's the deal with chaos engineering? has the answers in his DevOpsDays Chicago 2020 talk.
RT Racism doesn’t have a “good side.”
Over the last 2 years, it has been amazing to get to know and to be able to call him one of my closest friends. On today, his birthday, I wish him a wonderful birthday week of continued good things. I love you Matt!
Today is Birthday, and in honor of when a genuinely good human graced the world with his presence wearing only his birthday suit, it would be awesome if you flooded his notifications with joy and birthday wishes.
My face is a lot of things
Is this a subtweet?
those were the days, weren't they?
#GrinchesOfGeorgia
I put my contacts in before showering, but if I happen to not do so, it's a very foggy experience and I just rely on muscle memory
Every year for Christmas morning (since I was young and then with our kids) we do Aebleskiver's
What kind of chips though?
If Plex and others can figure out "Go to URL, login, plug this code into TV/Device", Netflix can. The fact they haven't while the others have had it for awhile is surprising.
RT Giuliani gets Coronavirus. Coronavirus reputation severely damaged.
Fit to watch while making your coffee in the morning
This was fun... My first Ignite
I am intrigued to find out what part of your profile triggered the "funeral home accepting payments" side of LinkedIn
Nice - yeah I'm swapping out my work MBP 13 for a MBP 16 due to streams being ridiculous in memory utilisation... But needing to think about a desktop for home. Might have to check this out.
For what purposes are you building this beast?
RT If trickle-down economics worked, we wouldn’t see a record $1 trillion in wealth gains for billionaires at the same ti…
RT If every zombie movie now doesn't start with the spread and desolation starting in America it won't be historicall…
OH: "If you're going to be around sociopaths, at least make sure you can pick them up with one hand"
#RIPDavidLander #RIPSquiggy
"nice shit to your friends"
“developers came together from all corners of the world to innovate, find connection, and solve problems.”
Is this what we've become?
"Redneck plunger"... I feel like I need this in my life
Oh wow! I was at the 2019 version but thank you for sharing I'm going to go watch this
I feel a lightning talk coming
Me.....? I have them in a box (since COVID) instead of hanging on the wall, but I have most of every conference I've been to in the last few years. Should probably get rid of them... But I don't want to?
RT within 24 hours, expect universal mask mandates, and mask-wearing being viewed as a macho symbol of virility
Ron had the right idea
You do it really well, and so thankful to call you all close friends (as well as many others on this bird site)
Incidentally enough, I took some out of my bag last week that I hadn’t given away at #devopsdaysnyc just before the lockdown in March
Ice Pirates is an awesome D-Movie with Robert Urich and Angelica Huston... I of course haven't seen it in 36 yrs, but I remember loving it has a kid.
RT As a kid watching Bond movies I was always confused how the hencemen would do whatever the villian wanted, even wearin…
RT “The President wants to issue blanket pardons to all of his children,” is not a sentence that is uttered in a functionin…
I have seen 5 times, and it is amazing and never gets old. It is everything we need right now, tomorrow, and for years to come.
RT Just be nice to each other. Be considerate. Holy shit it takes so much more effort to police other people's lives, mind…
There's also "A Long December"
RT When you work with YAML as much as we do, you need a sense of humor. Send us your best YAML jokes for a chance to win some Ci…
I've been doing that for the past 9 months... So.. winning?
So like meetups?
RT Prevent Heroism: How to Work Today Reduce Work Tomorrow by from DevOpsDays Chicago 2020
Education plays a big part into it as statistically those voting for him do not have a college education, but that's not the whole story because I don't have one either.
In all your grifting, I guess you missed this... Barr and the DOJ already did....
No honest person can look at the lies being spouted by your client and continue to speak them. Since you wave your "Christianity" around, let this sink in: Exodus 23:1 - “You shall not spread a false report. You shall not join hands with a wicked man to be a malicious witness."
Yep. They've cast doubt so much doubt on the whole process, that when Trump's own appointed cronies don't back him &amp; instead speak the truth, the only next step for them is to decry them as "the Deep State" &amp; they must also be in on it. He's eroding democracy more now than ever.
Ahh the grift continues. As a lawyer, albeit a former traffic lawyer before Trump tapped her blondeness, she knows what "burden of proof" is. It is so sad to see friends and family members get caught up further in Trump's lies and grift, all to pay off his debts ($450m raised).
I'm sure in traffic court they utilise a concept called "burden of proof". In layman's terms, it's where the accuser (i.e. you and Trump) must show proof of allegations of a crime in a court of Law. That might help you out since it seems you have yet to do so in court. Tick tock.
Am I doing this right?
The same way we have vast numbers of the country who don't know what the Federalist Papers are 😟
This whole thread is really good... Trump was never “the peoples” President, and this whole thread underscores that point.
Fascinating... will have to investigate
What dough recipe did you use?
User Conference Twitter: What user conferences are your favourites, which aren't, and why?
Wow...
/me puts phone down...
I can hear it
They're like cockroaches.. they'll survive a nuclear apocalypse
RT Tickets for DevOpsDays KC 2024 are SELLING FAST! Don't miss out on May 15-16! Be part of the #DevOps and tech community i…
If you're here at join me in Room A406 at 1:30p for this talk on #DevEx and #DevOps
Stumbling Monk seems apropos
#ChandraGunturSighting at #devnexus24 #EmpressGin FTW
Always good to see you and your smiling face
Amazing talk from here about moving thoughtfully, with the mindset of People first, and tech second. Watch the talk when it's posted.
2nd round of keynotes on #devnexus24 with introducing who is talking about how we move #Java forward, together
Yess! Saw this at #SCaLE and can't wait to use it
RT Calling all #DevOps enthusiasts! The schedule for DevOpsDays KC 2024 is LIVE! Explore amazing sessions from some awesome…
Come on Gemini... Twitter has had 280 characters for 7 years. So I told it that 280 was the limit, and it responded with what was basically a #googlegemini #facepalm
Same. #backrowAttendee
Kicking #devnexus off with the BEST conference organizers in the business, and , and it's WILD that it's been 20 YEARS!!
Ready for to start!!
Check out this cool, modern, and easy to use QR Code builder tool that my friend built!
OH: Linkerd is the COBOL of Service Mesh
Amazing. I'm gonna bookmark this!
RT 😍 Go check out Angel's talk about controlling pipeline sprawl!
Sad that we aren't yet at in-person, but looking forward to this event!
He said wrong answers only
B52s
Great talk from Emily at #devopsdayschi 2020
Today's Image of the Day: Relaxing Inside the Space Station's Window to the World -
"The Matrix"... I saw that movie 7 times in the theater, because I kept finding people who hadn't seen it, and told them they had to see it and I would go with them.
MATTY! I didn't say they were _ALL_ about me!
RT Corporate speak, translated: - Restructuring: org chart musical chairs - Futureproof: don't mess up next time - Let’s put a…
RT Love is blind. Love is patient.
#MasksSaveLives #WearAMask
I didn't think it possible that you could blush....
She's pretty fricking awesome
Me: Me: Wife: "Did you know that when lobster's mate, they urinate on each other?" Me: Me:
OH: "I tried to stop you - my head was screaming 'STOP' but my mouth was chewing gum."
RT If you're a developer looking to get involved in contributing to open source but think docs aren't a valuable enough pl…
aka "capitalism and ethical consumption don't mix"
Is that all it takes? I'll eat a pineapple pizza... Have people follow me! 🤩😂
RT So is looking to make the first few hires! We are looking for engineers with experience developing and consuming API…
RT It's gonna be so embarrassing when I still want to cancel plans and stay home
If I read CDC correctly, quarantine 14 days after exposure to someone who tests positive. That person would isolate themselves 10 days after positive test, and then 24hrs (?) after last symptom/fever. So the person continuously exposed would probably be 14 days from there?
RT Content is a major driver for working with communities today - but remember that one-way content isn’t a conversation! D…
Never mind - just saw your answer to the question
That is glorious looking! Going to have to check that out. On a side note - which mic stand is that?
Neymar is a whiney, petulant little bird
Some great tips on creating quality #devrel content
BBQ joints that serve a sandwich with a large serving of brisket on a bun, topped with melted swiss cheese and onion rings... I salute you. You're doing the Lord's work.
RT So, Kubernetes is deprecating Docker support and you're either nervous or confused. That's okay! I would like to help y…
This is really great news for #devrel &amp; #cmgr as we haven't had a good single-pane-of-glass view into how our communities are engaging across all platforms (i.e. Twitter, GitHub, Discourse, with more coming like Slack). We've been using Orbit from a very early stage and love it!
This year's State of the Octoverse 2020 is out... going to be pouring through this for awhile!
Today's Image of the Day: Awakening Newborn Stars -
A good place to start on our OSS options would be and if you have questions, my DMs are open or you can utilise our community at
We do indeed! You can find more info at and if you have questions, my DMs are open or is a good place to start!
Oh... but they are....
OH: "You're gonna feel like a real dick if you die in your sleep bro"
I choked on my coffee this morning to this.. thank you
This. Explains. So. Much.
New post on #DevRel - Using public datasets for dev rel via
Wesley is amazing and would be a great addition to any speaking opportunity!
It's cast iron pizza... There is only one way to respond!
CAST IRON PIZZA IS AMAZEBALLS!!!
Remember... Facts/truth don't matter anymore to that lot, and I have to wonder if they really ever did. Gingrich sold a bill of goods back in the early 90s, and preached what has become Trumpism to young minds of mush.
Like, I don't believe anyone asked this person their opinion?
This is the way
First question obviously is... "Why were you on the floor in the first place?" Second question: "Why don't you go lay in her beds?"
Is that short for "pedal a ton"?
This thread forever solidifies Katy as a badass
Happy Holidays! #WearAMask
Disgustingly crazy!
RT Having fought Barr as impeachment co-counsel and since, this is remarkable. Barr was willing to embrace and promote Trump's…
"Objective reporter" - you do realise why Trump's "team" consistently makes wild claims _outside_ of court right? And why all of their cases are getting thrown out? And why none of these claims they're making outside court end up being made _inside_ court? I think you do.
Right? The music was all queued up to take that jazzy intro to "bow chicka wah wah"... Parents spoiling everything!
8
Hello, Elliot!
In case you were wondering, it's Tuesday, March 276, 2020HELL.
Today's Image of the Day: Earth May Be Surrounded by Hairy Dark Matter -
Or fsck...
Would this be what you're referring to? 🤣😂
Using the correct parameters I hope
RT Your wife is managing director of Goldman Sachs
It is now that you've updated your brew(ing)...
New post on #DevRel - Iterating on Developer Marketing … with Metrics! via
New post on #DevRel - Taking the next steps in dev rel metrics via
Soft spot in my heart for XDA-Developers, where I led DevRel and Community for many years. Started out as an amazing community of developers wanting to extend their mobile devices (WinMo at the time, and then Android) beyond what the OEMs wanted or envisioned.
In all fairness, there's still an hour left of today, Pacific Time.
🐻 miss you too! And if it makes you feel any better, the airplane upholstery misses you as well.
And in just 3 seasons as starting QB, has: 106 TDs against 19 (20 if you count the 1 game in 2017) in 42 total games. At that rate, he'll be at 362 TDs and 68 INTs after 9 seasons.... It's not even close.
Dang it... Now I do too! Ben!!!! It's your fault!
I mean I'm all good with analysing things like this
That just might work though... Better than that asshole's suggestion
Sam.
And, would you believe, a "corner store" in Kansas City? There's also Walgreen's, CVS, Casey's General Store, QuikTrip, etc.
This is a terrible take, and shows you to be a misogynistic, bigoted asshole. I would say take that broken, sideways-inserted cricket bat out of your ass, but it seems it belongs there. Thank you for self-identifying. Blocked.
RT I need someone to explain to me why we can afford a $740,000,000,000 military budget, but we can not afford to pay people…
RT Let me be clear: Wearing a mask is not about making your life less comfortable or taking something away. It’s to give somethi…
From my years as a Business Systems Analyst... rarely did :plan” and “business requirements” ever line up.
WOW! Congrats on a great run there at Box, and I'm intrigued on where you end up next!
This is good news... the number of decisions that were made on behalf of the carriers and not the consumer, by this former lawyer for Verizon no less, were many.
Did it though? I will say COVID sure has a way of rooting out all those deniers and anti-maskers.
Teaching my daughter to drive a manual - it's a requirement for my kids.
Or, you know, Biden isn't a liar like Trump.... In 1,331 days, Trump has made 23k false or misleading statements.
You know that wasn't a payoff - it was actually their money we had seized over the years. Your gaslighting turntable is getting old.
Oh yesssss #doctorwho is back, and with CAPTAIN JACK!!
Today's Image of the Day: Carol Harrison: Seeing the Beauty in All Things -
Such an amazing post! Happy Birthday twins!!
Well that's an annoying turn of events
Egg nog with whiskey or rum should fit the bill, right?
Better Off Ted is on Hulu... One of the greatest shows ever
Consistently this year we've struggled with holding penalties and not converting 3rd downs. Last year that wasn't an issue.
Crap... Totally misread the thread and went the wrong direction. Apologies to all!
Am I missing something? / is a forward slash \ is a back slash Been that way since before Windows, DOS, etc....
Ymërëj, a decorative plunger
So... Me thinks you have no idea what you're talking about. 1. You can pray anywhere... You don't need to be at church 2. This is by no means a holy time of year for Judeo or Christian
A lamp
Narrator: It was.
It's been a long road...
Oh, for sure in agreement here
I mean, it's catchy, and probably makes sense. ¯\_(⊙_ʖ⊙)_/¯
"Dogs, their humans, and why transformational organization change needs both."
First time I have ever bought someone out... Felt good.
Cat videos? I prefer puppies...
I know, I know.. however, when you only have your iPad with you...
Congrats again, but the real question is: what lunch box are you taking?
You deserve everything, and you give so much. Honoured to be your friend, and there to support you (along with many others) in this latest endeavor.
Subscribed and pre-ordered
What the...? Does someone have an unhealthy obsession with overpriced brands, such that they have to decorate their house accordingly?
We in the carb profession call that “carb-pregaming”
RT Such moral cowardice.
And final stage... Turkey breast rested, cut, and already half eaten before I took this photo.
Close second would be “What’s Up, Doc?”
I'm here for this...
Stage 4: It's out of the smoker to finish and rest before we eat
Yeah that's a good thought. And depending on the company, they might have discounts on rentals.
Ahh right, then you'll want to get the insurance they offer. It'll cost you a bit more, like $10/day or something, but worth it if you don't already have insurance.
Check unlimited miles, taxes, and fees... Also check with your insurance company to see what they cover and the deductible for rentals, then compare that with the rental company (your own insurance is usually sufficient). Also take pictures or video of the vehicle beforehand.
Bombas? Heard good things about them but not sure if they're wool or not? What about the hybrid/synthetic wool socks? Can you do those?
Quite honestly, I want to know the term as well as it fits me most of the time... 😳
Feature...
Don't sh!t where you sleep... It gets a bit smelly and generally ruins the mood
Dang that's a beast
Stage 3a: Threw some Angry Orchard Apple Cider bratwurst from in for good measure.
Linky?
Stage 3: In the smoker for roughly 2hrs, target temp of 165F/73.8C
Stage 2: Ready to hit the smoker after marinating 8hrs in a dry rub of paprika, brown sugar, garlic, onion, oregano, and black pepper
Story of a smoked turkey breast.. Stage 1: Rinsed after brining overnight ~18hrs in a mixture of sea salt, brown sugar, onions, thyme, and peppercorns and ready for marinating
Ahh... My continual pastime
Looks like a Waffle House "waffle"
Then I guess we are rivals on that one... But I'll recognise Liverpool has been on an upturn as of late, coinciding with United's downturn, and are playing well.
Mallory and I were discussing your true friend qualities, I saw you're a fellow KC'ian, and then I saw you were, egads, a Liverpool FC fan...
Well, one out of 3 ain't _terrible_... #sportingkc
One of my favourite things about Thanksgiving leftovers... And if we don't have leftover turkey because we went somewhere else, I'll make a turkey on Friday or Saturday just to have leftover turkey
I said it... ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
I mean... There's asking for it... And then there's "it's your own dang fault" asking for it
True friend... And it seems is also in KC, though he is a Liverpool fan. I'm conflicted as to his true friend qualities...
Probably a Paladin Ranger Monk...
I'm most likely a Paladin Ranger Monk
Weekend Tech Twitter: Who's using their iPad/iPad Pro for code editing, and what apps/setup are they using?
And it's what I grew up in, and shed in the early 2000's...
Did someone say Cillian Murphy?
You can easily reset it by pushing the Live View button on the camera again, but it's generally a nuisance. It is, however, quite useful when needing an excuse to get off of that long Zoom call.
What... The... Bloody... Hell... The cruelty is the point with this (current and soon to be former) Administration.
Yeah on the older Nikon's the biggest issue comes down to the hard-coded 30min Live View limit.
What camera? Also, the experience seems to differ widely depending on OS.
Well it's not even that.. the software from Canon (for instance) is buggy as hell for the webcam driver, and I've seen the same experience with Nikon. Sony's is better, but still not great.
Really good episode!
I've seen mixed results on DSLR cameras and video passthrough. A lot of them kicked that into high gear with COVID and it has seemed mostly half-assed. The Logitech Streamcam is amazing for a non-DSLR option, but they're hard to find these days.
Cut it up into little pieces and stick in the freezer?
RT Apparently the world’s smallest violin serenades the man behind the world’s smallest desk.
Great story of Major, the Biden's rescue pup
Yeah needs to be both. Just to make sure all the bases are covered.
Some really good tips from Ashton here... Make sure you go subscribe as well!
Today's Image of the Day: It's Black Hole Friday! -
WTAF... This is infuriatingly typical of techbros the world over... (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
Seems pretty in line with the oath they take to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic;"
RT In episode 8 of Developer Love, of shares insights on measuring the ROI of digital events, creating vi…
This is why you're the best Swarna!
We got you.
Good point! Two hands!
That's fair
Is that navel or the turkey's?
That's a quality burn
That's some high quality shade right there
Doing it in style! Nothing says Family Thanksgiving like a list of chores. Mad respect Heidi.
Addams Family Values Plains, Trains, and Automobiles
Happy Turkey Day!
Right holds more...
RT Do you see a turkey in this Orion Nebula image from ... or is it just us? 🦃 #HappyThanksgiving #GobbleGobbl…
RT
Why not the whole thing? You didn't share it did you?
RT I am really excited about our year-end episode of #devopspartygames, featuring
RT Chairman Nadler Statement on the Pardon of Michael Flynn
Or.. hear me out.. _do_ that. It will be fun.
DM incoming with my address for leftovers
Does that apply only on Friday's? Or can you slap and rub it on other days instead?
I'll start reading it here soon...
Ahh yes... slappin' some DevOps on it
That includes doing other things as well... I imagine it really only took him less than half that.
Good layout of the different layers of #community
Come on You don't need to use a webview for your mobile apps logging in... Plenty of mobile controls to do this inside the app.
RT Did Trump pardon the whole turkey or just the white meat?
Everyone knows it's at least one case of alcohol and one pound of extra meat...
Good pup... those really sneak up on you!
RT We have a collective obsession with data. Instead of asking "What should we measure?", we should ask, "What questions don't…
And it's already been a good time
Nice! I might be there, we shall see
And it's _rarely_ the first time it should have happened
Yes! And the videos that are all IG/TikTok-influencer vibes with some heavy "get ready with me" vibes, for a post on "5 Things I've learned in tech leadership"
💯 but it sucks that this is so often not the case. If we did more of this, _especially_ when the Sr person is male, our work environments would be so much more positive.
As someone who went back to events full bore in the US in the Fall of 2021, and then Spring of 2022 in Europe, I have seen events across the spectrum. I think the slower burn in Europe has helped those events be more impactful, while US events have burnt out audiences.
Their whole "ROI" is 📉 now because they spent so much on Demand Gen activities &amp; "scan all the leads" at events that they forgot how to actually be at an event and gain value from the conversations in return for someone's contact info, which is more valuable in Europe, ala GDPR
Either way, write me down
RT unions are good and you should be skeptical of people with power and influence who say otherwise
RT Don't make today about yourselves. It's not about you. Today is the Moon's moment in the Sun.
That was literally my thought when I saw the first photo without reading the text!
Post the oldest picture of you on your phone, no description
Hey, .... 👇👇👇 I smell an amazing keynote
Fuck yeah! Awesome work!
#Eclipse2024
RT Remember: the president can pardon turkeys for federal crimes only. Corn and Cob can still be indicted by the Manhattan…
Yep. Avid user of all those things pre-1993
Before then tbh... When you used to access the internet via BBS connections to libraries and universities over Telnet, and then use Archie, Gopher, and Veronica to find and get the info you were wanting.
Gotcha... I've debated getting one
2020 strikes again
Maybe update the avatar to reflect? Looks like you let yourself go...
Wait.. wait.. that's actually you?
Yeah... Scraped the bottom of the barrel
#NewProfilePic Felt I needed an upgrade to my profile
Which teleprompter?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATHEN!!!
I have that exact knife set.. and that seems foreboding
Oh geez... As much of an extrovert as I am, totally going to be awkward... I'll have to shower consistently again, and put clean clothes on each day... It'll be the worst, best thing ever.
KANSAS CITY
RT I’m skipping seeing my relatives for Thanksgiving this year because it’s basically a real life version of Among Us
This whole thread of Matt has me in tears.. take the few minutes for yourself!
RT Kyle Rittenhouse, accused of murder, has been released on $2M cash bail. As a public defender, I represented teenagers un…
Right? I'm a bit disappointed though that there aren't any links to Russia... &lt;/s&gt;
Is this your excuse for not paying child support?
We Xi what Kara did there, but will ?
RT Irony Watch: The Dominion voting machines, which Trump alleges are at the heart of the "Democrat" conspiracy, were purchas…
While my birthday was 2 weeks ago, I was prompted to go &amp; check who shares a birthday with me. It seems Ryan Gosling, Nadia Comanici, Tonya Harding, Anne Hathaway, &amp; Charles Manson to name a few. Feels like the proper mix of talent, good looks, &amp; psychosis. And evidently very ♏.
Congregate in Austin....
Happy Birthday Jess! We will celebrate in style when able!
Humoring Trump has been what people have done their whole lives just to be in his sphere, but It has never turned out well for anyone as he just uses them as long as he can until they're "just a coffee boy". He has brought about the fall of the GOP who had no spine after all.
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I Stacks Up -
Oh good suggestion. Have heard good things, but haven't read them. Yet.
So it's good then?
New post on #DevRel - Baby steps for dev rel metrics via
New post on #DevRel - Measuring your developer experience journey via
Hulu
It counts...
It wouldn't be Black Friday without Thanksgiving Thursday!
I think it's great!! That's so awesome!
Watching the second right now, and their "The Odyssey" bit was funny and had a hilarious dig on the orange asshole.
RT Now onto the corrupt pardons phase of the presidential transition
I did the exact same thing all day
Watching NEW "Animaniacs" for the first time in 22 years... already giggling... This is going to go well
RT The Pfizer and Modena vaccines were both effective, protective and safe. But the Oxford one seems to be effective, protective,…
In the immortal words of "Stay the F at Home" UNCENSORED"
Ahh how refreshing that will be!
I mean... You SEE those 8 YAML lanes of container orchestration? And closed-loop log rotation?
It never does. And we never learn.
Something something Saturn
Same goes for you mate.... 🤩
DevOps will never be the same again!
Is that a mutually positive experience then?
Mark your calendars... Another awesome lineup coming to #devopspartygames
Today's Image of the Day: Sentinel-6 Michael Freilich Launches to Monitor Global Ocean -
Funny, because it's true.
RT What is the Emoluments Clause and how did Trump break it repeatedly? Here are all the ways Trump has been lining his own…
It's "Charbucks"... I don't make the rules. "Charfucks" is another acceptable alternative
Both solid choices... "Yesterday" is another one that's on that precipice for me.
According to snowflakes, "cancel culture" is alive and well. So, reverse your Monday and cancel the coffee institution (assuming Charbucks or some other related chain...)?
And we're back to not agreeing 100%... It was a short ride, and not sure I fully enjoyed it, if I'm being honest.
It didn't have to be this way. 😥
Love the influx of Oatmeal raisin content.... And that you delivered those to yourself on an Air France beverage cart.
RT So just this month, Giuliani got caught with his hands down his pants in front of Borat, accidentally held a presser i…
So .... Out of 20 tweets in my timeline, 12 of them are ads and/or promoted, with 5 of them being in a row. WTAF
Schitt's Creek and are my 2 favourite quarantine shows hands down.
Someone needs to report his tweet for sexual content
Mad respect... Thank you for sharing your story.
Not even 3 full seasons as a starter... is amazing! #ChiefsKingdom
And for once I think I 💯 agree with BOTH of you... WTH...
As has been said, you're not alone. We all are here for you.
#sportingkc ftw!
Ugh... Luckily Tim has never lost a shootout... 🤞
Let me guess... "They're just a coffee person?"
Beautiful run from Gerso and nice pass from Shelton
Spicy truth take
I wondered who would be the first to mention that
Too many.... For starters: Gaston Ursula Maleficent Jafar Captain Hook Cruella de Vil (and would be Scar Prince John Sheriff of Nottingham et al
Sausage and shrimp is amazing in a good gumbo. I can find butter beans here in Kansas. Doesn't mean I will. But I could if I wanted to or liked them.
New post on #DevRel - North star metrics and OKRs to show dev rel value via
New post on #DevRel - Measuring developer productivity through their own product measurements via
Frozen Totino's pizza, because I'm fancy.
RT How do different approaches to change management block the ability to deliver faster, safer software? This year’s #StateOfDev…
"Helena" is such a great song, and the video is 🤩... That whole album always gets me
RT If Dr. Fauci and other nationally recognized medical professionals say the new Covid vaccine is safe, I’ll get vaccina…
New post on #DevRel - How to quickly get engineers up to speed via
New post on #DevRel - See and understand your data via
I understand this feeling, and I'm so sorry. I've been blocked, muted, and unfollowed by family over the last few years. It sucks, but their loss. Not yours.
"what they _wished_ was in their pants" Fixed that for you.
RT Get you a yellow dinosaur in your life.
Timely profile pic my friend
David.
That's doing appetizers right
Yeah this person kinda misses the whole point
RT Kalief Browder died by suicide after facing traumas in jail as he was held without trial for 3 years for allegedly stealin…
New post on #DevRel - How I trained myself for public speaking via
New post on #DevRel - The democratization of APIs via
New post on #DevRel - Democratizing developer experience via
New post on #DevRel - Docs advocacy is dev advocacy via
New post on #DevRel - Climate for Change: a shift in consciousness, a gift to our communities via
RT So inhumane. So dangerous. So irresponsible. So racist.
Have you ever read the Dresden Files series from Jim Butcher? Some awesome wizard books and stories.
Finished "Battle Ground" at 245a this morning... Quite possibly my favourite novel by I always forget he lives 30min from me
RT They won’t wear masks, but they’ll wear tinfoil hats. Not the best of looks.
Sorry to hear that Aaron! Sending all the hugs, thoughts, and prayers your way.
Wow!
Lol... No you just like chocolate chip cookies.
Those are chocolate chip cookies, and they're good!
So I blame for my overwhelming desire to make oatmeal cookies the right way... i.e. either by themselves or with raisins or cranberries.
Oh for sure.... It's terrible... BUT GUNS AND COFFEE!!!
RT 🚀 SO thrilled to launch a project our team has been working on for a while: a free learning platform!! Courses on Next.js, A…
RT Is your team among the highest performing on CircleCI? Find out how you measure up in our newly released 2020 State of Softwa…
Taco Bell will always be my comfort food
Literally "kick in the balls"
RT We need to live in a country that believes in counting every vote and not only those from people who would have been able to…
My go to when I think about this... So sorry Brittany
RT It is simply more dangerous out there than it was a few weeks ago. At the beginning of October, 5% of people tested were pos…
Nope, I think that's pretty appropriate
The left wants to take away your phone period of the day
Wait... Trash is changing? (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
💪
#ARM for CI/CD you say?
Wife: "Given your family history, you're 10-12 years away from your first heart attack. You should start staying away from fried foods." Me: "Yeah, good point." Me: "Apple fritter?"
If you read one thread... this should be it.
Mork and Mindy
What is that you say?
First it was the cake contingent, and then it was the chocolate chip contingent... what's next?
The Internet you doth win today
Let me introduce you to the Internet
Poll: "Raisins or Chocolate chips in oatmeal cookies?" Right Answers: "Raisins, cranberries, or plain" Psychopaths: "OnLy ChOcOlAtE cHiPs!!!!!!"
I knew you were ok
Plain, Raisins, or Cranberries are the only acceptable options here.
KICKASS!!!! Congrats!!!
RT
You know I'm down
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Cosmic Cinnamon Bun -
RT Some Friday morning #DevOps thoughts: Two reasons why CI/CD setup should be like an ambulance 🚑 1. It should go as fast as p…
Zan's LIVE now at talking #android #opensource and #cicd
RT Stunning is right. Not sure which is worse – if they know better, or if they don't.
Dad's, hug your kids.
This will be a good time with and #Android #opensource!
RT Just so we’re all clear, this is the *Republican National Committee* pushing out the deranged lie that Trump — who decisive…
RT if you missed it, this was opener tonight — worth your time (and then some)
Truth.
I'd like to report a murder.....
I saw your tweets a few times scroll by before I realised it was you! It's an awesome profile pic!
RT *reads a rather long job #CMGR description* Me: Whew, that's basically running the company with that many "responsibili…
Or, you know.... Get rid of Fleet which allows unwanted DMs....
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
This. 👏 Is. 👏 Spot. 👏 On. 👏
RT Would it really be fair to the planets we’ve already destroyed with the Death Star to stop blowing up planets now?
Today's Image of the Day: Marcellus Proctor: Bring a Unique Perspective -
What's happened recently that would give you that impression? Oh that's right - the general unwillingness of the GOP to admit that they lost (and to call Trump out on his whinging) the Presidency and lying about voter fraud and such. I'd say that would do it. Grow a pair Marco.
You're welcome! Thanks for the notice as well, I'll start it soon.
RT If white culture is so great how come nobody appropriates the pilgrims?
Oh yes....
RT My pal &amp; I will be hosting a super special edition of Transformation Live on Thurs where we will talk about adap…
Brilliant...
RT Learn about the crucial #softwaredelivery trends that were achieved during a very unusual year in our latest blog:
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew Dragon Approaches Space Station -
Thank you to everyone who participated in #devopspartygames last night, and who contributed to the EFF. Here's a screenshot of my contribution.
Don't forget the big orchestra build up
So that link only works while the game is happening &amp; during the livestream the chat has the code for those watching the stream. We try to call it out for those that may be watching but not looking at the chat, but we don't always do that.
Ah yes, I've not been happy with restream
Lol yeah from what I can tell there was a lot of traffic that they didn't scale well with that night
乁( •_• )ㄏ
That's where I'm thinking if we have some highlight reels which include the chat and such, and as hosts/mods we can interact with the chat a bit more, that could be cool
Yeah this is what I do with Streamyard and it's pretty cool to pop up comments on the screen... Having a mod for just this could be super helpful
Oh that's an interesting idea!
I'm also wondering if we can separately record the live chat and then overlay that on the recording so it accomplishes the same thing in some way?
I'm not sure if Twitch can do this, but there are some streaming platforms which allow you to select a comment and have it pop up on the screen, which helps some aspects of the live chat live on after the stream is done.
We're currently investigating this - you can follow along with the status at
We're currently investigating this behavior - you can follow along with the status
Oh now _that's_ interesting!! I'd go for that for sure
I was a Snagit pro... Like I said, lost art.
Snagit
Videos should not exist without text; text should not exist without video/visuals. In all things... be excellent.
See, I used to write printable docs for software _years_ ago, and a good screenshot can go a long ways! The art of taking them, and putting them into content in the correct spot, is a lost art I think. It's why I look to companion vids to fill that hole at times.
Yeah, I tend to fall into that camp as well - but I do find myself wishing there was a companion video for the blog post to help me visualise what I'm currently trying to learn via text, to make sure I've gotten when they got.
Oh I agree... For me, solid content for devs is a mix of video (short- and long-form), tutorials, blog posts, talks, etc. Every developer is different, and learns differently, and you should never paint yourself into a corner with content.
LOL "written words" is an entirely different thing from this
Yeah for sure... Confidence that they know what they're talking about, and if problems arise during the stream you know they'll be able to fix it.
First off, ROMAN!!!! 💚 Long time no see brother! I'm specifically referring to videos. Written content is a whole other animal.
Dev Twitter: When viewing instructional content for an app/service/tool, what level of quality do you prefer as a dev? Please RT for reach
Yeah... Accent is all you have going for you
Midwest representing tonight!
OH: "`Pull requests welcome` is the equivalent of `bless your heart`"
Based on #devopspartygames tonight I just bought a few more domain names... This is fine.
OH: "Someone took my banana, now what am I going to do."
RT Don't stare at the sun and don't vote for stupid people.
Let's ride!
Not jealous at all. I promise.
Yeah we always called it Goulash
Considering my first weekend was 70% I think I did OK 😂
You do realize that you can only have 4 choices at the end right?
In one bracket I have 2 of the 4 (UCONN and Purdue) with UCONN winning, and only UCONN in the other bracket but not winning
Awesome stuff Richard! Congrats
And of course after the Weekend
That's just after a day with kubernetes
One of my favourite conferences, year in and year out. Come join me!
Stop feeding the motherfucking pigeons at the City market
So symbiotic with nature
RT
RT The greatest moment in TV history was when Jamie Oliver showed children how mcnuggets are made and smugly said 'now who…
FFS... VAR is useless. Two penalties given for Chelsea on useless reviews of flops.
RT Great opportunity for a UK-based open source software engineer to join and
RT Experts Say 2 Hours Of Sleep Plenty If Psychosis No Big Deal For You
Props to and the project for an awesome writeup!
WE'RE LIVEEEEE!!!!!
RT Joe Biden is under a lot of pressure. People under 21 have never had a decent white President.
OH: "He's not that funny, he just has an accent."
We switched to having the kids do the dishes twice a day... And it's still ridiculous... We're about to go old school and do paper plates and burn everything in a drum in the back yard
It's Florbs.
I mean....
RT Join our dev advocate at the Norfolk Devs meetup this Thursday!
Fleet
Visionary...
RT
RT What are you doing tonight at 8 PM US CT? I'll tell you what! Tuning in to #devopspartygames for fun and frolic, featurin…
Looks like a lot of my pics with 's head in them... but worse since it's not him.
RT The messaging, or lack thereof, on masks drives me nuts. I get it. Some people don’t want to wear masks. But we have no prob…
Here is one of my beagles, Alice.
We are all baffled
Hey - how does one go about getting ahold of the #CardsAgainstContainers game with the Christmas expansion?
A great step forward for CI/CD! Check out self-hosted Runners!
RT Client: We don't want to spend time on UX. Our product is easy to use, anyone should underst... User:
It's Snapchat stories.
This is great news Holly! Congrats and looking forward to seeing how you build things out! #community is awesome
RT “You want *me* to pay *money* for something I could build *myself*” - every developer
Ahhh... I love me a good Pentecostal church on occasion...
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spies Galaxy through Cosmic Lens -
Edits work if you a) allow it to be edited in the first 60s of posting (like Gmail's feature), and/or b) show what was changed in the tweet. But yeah, no Nazis.
Us: "What we really want, / is for you to get rid of Nazis and provide an Edit button" Twitter: Us: Twitter: "FLEEEEEETTTTTSSSSSS!!!!!"
RT ORRRRR and I’m just spitballing here you could make Nazis disappear instead, hey you can even give it a cool branding name…
So... Like Snapchat/Instagram Stories and Vines, on Twitter... Meh.
I dare say that this will be a good thing for Twitter, and subsequently the Internet.
Congrats! Great news!
Me thinks you've found Kinktok
RT #WearAMask
Root canal
I miss Homestar Runner
I don’t have college debt because I was privileged to be in a situation where I didn't need to go to college and proved myself on the job. I still support cancelling student debt because I’m not an asshat.
OH: "You schedule your dick jokes??? Damn I need to catch up!"
OH: "Can't schedule a Dick, only time it."
RT Cancelling $1.7T in taxes for 600 billionaires but not $1.7T in student debt for 45M Americans is the modern version of le…
Welp.
I feel like I've done this before by clicking on the label to select the series, and then clicking again the label I want to select it individually and move it. But I can't recall if I've done this on Google Sheets or Excel....?
RT Titles matter. Recognition matters. Pay matters. All of these are related.
You don't want to miss this episode of shenanigans and thought leaders
Oh yeah
I'M A GOOD SOCCER PLAYER! ⨂ 𝗢𝗳𝗳𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗮𝗹 𝘀𝗼𝘂𝗿𝗰𝗲𝘀 𝗿𝗮𝘁𝗲 𝗵𝗶𝘀 𝘀𝗸𝗶𝗹𝗹𝘀 𝗱𝗶𝗳𝗳𝗲𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁𝗹𝘆
RT A few weeks ago, our hosts sat down with to chat about DevRel budgets 💸 How do we create them? What should…
Thanks Twitter and for clearing that load of horse💩 up
Monday. It's always Monday.
What Newt really means when he says "full and clear recount that is honest and not rigged" is "full and clear recount that shows us as the winner"...
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-1 Launches on Historic Journey -
Tired of "(X Thing) can't/won't happen in America"... It's happening. The GOP has so attacked &amp; eroded democracy that here we stand with a fascist administration &amp; an authoritarian trying to steal/retain power &amp; our voting process needing to be overseen.
I mean, at this point I'm just looking for some variety to quarantine life. This seems fine.
Try playing Among Us with
OH: "To be fair, we lost two games because she didn't report a dead body."
OH: "I didn't report the body because I thought we were supposed to finish tasks first...."
An intriguing thread on Parler, and a lot of unanswered questions, including the amount of Russian support/backing it's received and who actually funds it.
RT The Waypoint orb is officially live on our orb registry! Check it out:
There is only pie.
First scientists never learn... Now archeologists? FFS 2020!!!
That beard is looking good
Jessica. Heck yes!
Wow... Fascism, white supremacy, and racism all rolled up together. Self-identification goes a long ways.
RT Humble Bundle books about being the change you want to see (US)
Good time to get started with Orbit.....
10/10 would recommend
Game changer for us and for #cmgr and #devrel as well... Integrate the top dev platforms into one view and make informed decisions
RT Dearest #RubyBridges: Thank you.
RT Americans love sharing social media posts saying they could live in a cabin for a full year without wifi for $1M, yet…
This is such a great initiative!!
#teamOxfordComma
And then imagine him finding out that Presidential pardons don't apply to State charges....
They can be considered anything you want them to be.
Illinois. The NorthCentral part of the US.
Hah - here in the Midwest (aka oink-oink country) we have fancy corners to open bacon with... and like Emily said, they _rarely_ work.
RT Saturday morning was not our first rodeo. Here’s a still shot from 1969, back when we were only licensed for 2 Seasons…
Angie nails it...
The colouring... Beautiful!
I'm wondering what guidance Jessica gave her...
Damn it... This sounds amazing!
OH: "Stroking you with noodle-y appendages"
I keep saying that this episode of #devopspartygames is going to be epic... But I really mean it this time too!
So that explains Georgia...
Would have the highest of ratings
Ok this talk is amazing!!!
Yes. Yes it is.
RT CircleCI found that developers moved slower and tested more this year, which resulted in fewer failures. Fewer failed builds l…
Today's Image of the Day: Lauren Denson: Jumping for Joy -
OH: "Didn't think `Things Dahmer or Manson would say` would be on the menu for today....."
Pringles AND are pretty amazing!
This report has some pretty amazing CI/CD metrics and analysis in it!
A picture says 1,000 things.....
You too can watch this amazing talk from at #AllDayDevOps here
Great takeaway at the end: "Try to remember what it was like for you when you were new, what you struggled with, the feelings you had, how long it took to feel like an expert in _anything_, and how you were treated. Use it to change." via at #AllDayDevOps
Each of these things (jargon, docs, mentoring, hiring) are preventing us from getting access to the exceptional, new talent as well as building up those from within. As a whole, these barriers become catastrophic &amp; a cultural problem. Fix it. via at #AllDayDevOps
With the landscape for DevOps and Cloud Native being so outrageously large, unless your job reqs are very narrow, anyone you hire is going to learn some new tooling. This CNCF landscape as of 2020 is ridiculous and illustrates the point. via at #AllDayDevOps
Hiring managers, you don't get off the hook.... "Mastery" is a ridiculous requirement for a "Junior" title. All of the things in these pics are not Juniors... It's outrageous, and from a real job description. THIS IS GATEKEEPING!!! via at #AllDayDevOps
I love this direct statement to team leads: "If you let your jr teammates suffer longer than necessary, not only are you being a crappy teammate, but you are actively detrimental to your organisation - you are wasting time." 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 via at #AllDayDevOps
Until DevOps Tradeschools/Bootcamps are a thing, or uni's start teaching these principles, we have to take teaching this stuff into our own hands! The problem is solved by all of us, our orgs, our teams. Mentor someone in your free time. via at #AllDayDevOps
Quickstart guides should be written as if it's directed to someone with zero understanding of your tool. This means give your reader the "why" for each thing. For example, "easy" is a very alienating word. Your stuff probably isn't easy. via at #AllDayDevOps
If we want people to use our tools and/or move towards better DevOps practices, we have to involve fewer hurdles. Use more descriptive words, or go a bit out of our way, in order to make our tools easier to use. Be careful with jargon. via at #AllDayDevOps
Watching 's talk on gatekeeping in #DevOps at #AllDayDevOps from last night &amp; she's broken it down into two definitions... She also mentions 4 ways we are passively preventing Jr. Engineers from finding their place in DevOps: jargon, docs, mentoring, &amp; hiring
Boxing
Librarian
So glad to hear the story had a good ending! Congrats on the new role, and I look forward to seeing where you land!
In order to make #innersource work and have the best chance of success you need great incentives via at #AllDayDevOps
Good breakdown of #opensource code contributions happening at Microsoft, i.e. #innersource via at #AllDayDevOps
That seals it. You get mine.
You're just prepping Future Mallory
RT Understand licenses, and beyond that let legal team help you
🎶 "gotta wash that Covid straight out of my hair"
Consume #opensource responsibly via at #AllDayDevOps
RT “Your business logic and applications are a tiny sliver of the code you deploy; most of it is open source libraries, etc”…
#opensource is definitely alive in your Enterprise via at #AllDayDevOps
Great timeline of Microsoft's journey to #opensource from talk at #AllDayDevOps
A pretty cool friend you are
Wait... That indomitable tool is still a thing?
Postmaster General already tried that
How long until Trump switches to "STOP COUNTING!" to try and preserve his "close" margin of LOSS?
Yeah Notes is a memory hog. Or it's Camunda... #blameMary
RT NBC: In 2016, Trump won MI, PA, and WI by a combined 77,000 votes. Clinton conceded and he met with Obama 48 hours after…
FWIW, regardless of what I have open, if I charge my MacBook using the left ports this happens. It's ridiculous. But also probably Notes that pushed the envelope there 😂
I'm sorry.. what?
Take Joe up on his offer #CMGR #community people!
Definitely Valentine's Day 😂🙌
No idea but this GIF made me smile
RT Learn the behaviors and benchmarks that help teams build better software faster as CircleCI’s and r…
Odd we're arguing about whether or not suicide rate numbers are correct, which takes away from the FACT that PEOPLE ARE COMMITING SUICIDE AND THATS A SAD THING AND THEY NEED TO KNOW THAT PEOPLE ARE OUT THERE LISTENING AND AVAILABLE TO TALK.
Bad take... Numbers may be down, but why take away from the message?
Hi! Doing ok here... Missing you and others! How are you?
‼️ Suicide figures are up 200% since lockdown. Could 2 friends please copy and re-post this tweet? We’re trying to demonstrate that someone is always listening. ☎️ Call 1-800-273-8255 (USA hotline) Copy, not retweet.
They definitely matter! They get more rosey with age!
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Catches a Cosmic Cascade -
Thank you so much Sasha!
RT NEW: campaign promised "shocking" proof of fraud in Michigan. Instead, they provided a list of small-b…
Happy Shared Birthday!!! Enjoy perpetual 29, it's a blast!
Was about to ask the same!
You can't be to blame...
That being said... This happened over the summer
Forever alone....
I'm not saying no....
That looks good... Except... Kale.
Long overdue, but yes. All of this.
RT Chilling and a challenge to the coverage by many in the press who may fail to fully convey the stakes and dangerous outrages…
Got to be one of the greatest Seinfeld episodes... It had so much hilarity in it.
RT Like Python 🐍? Interested in CI/CD ✅? Most importantly, do you enjoy watching people fail and make a fool out of themselves?…
Making up talks while in the hot tub with strangers.
This is awesome to hear! Cheering you on from here!
RT Republicans are basically saying black votes are illegal, next they’ll say they’re only worth 3/5ths of a vote
AKA... "Donald Trump is speaking again"
DevOps Engineer
I got you on this.
What are you doing to your eggs that this is your response PJ?
You're gonna love these #devops and #devopspartygames themed shirts!
Thank you to all veterans who have served, and are serving. Happy #VeteransDay
I like eggs.
Really great thread on the power of developers in your business, and the importance in the long game for #community and #devrel
This has legs...
You've been a great inspiration for me Mary.
If it would make you feel any better when in-person starts back up, I can flail around on the ground and let you fry us all egg whites.
Never thought I would hear "I have a few thousand SO rep so I have a good feel for the developer space" but here we are
How is this a good idea if Maya is the loser in all this? She found/stole/borrowed (doesn't matter) the toy. It's hers by acquisition law. Why should she miss out on the great moments with it while you're shipping it off on a weird scavenger hunt?
RT It just occurred to me that Trump’s refusal to concede means that every day the story is that he lost.
Probably unpopular opinion: The UI in Twitch is horrific. I keep hearing "well it's made for gamers", but if this is the UI they like, we're in trouble folks.
Banana Republic Coup attempt engaged....
OMG that's a fantastic movie!
Introducing the kids to one of my favourite zombie flicks of all time tonight... Shaun of the Dead
Trump always projects his crimes onto others as if they're guilty of them. He said that the Democrats were attempting a coup 2 years ago (false)... Which is what he's doing now.
RT Meanwhile in 2018...
Just saw this and it brings back so many memories... Some often painful.
Sake. Sparkling. Sparkling sake. OMG.
Sparkling sake. 💙
Timeline cleanser, and reminder...
Yes! Will be around and hitting up the Thirsty Pig before the cruise
RT Earlier, Vance seemed to claim on the #VPDebate that the MN bill Gov. Walz signed into law encouraged abortion provider…
This is where we find ourselves in late-stage capitalism: I ordered a 3pc chicken strips combo and the worker at the DTW Popeyes gave me 5 chicken strips and a chicken nugget. #fucktheman
-al
That being said, that looks like an awesome, foundational role!!
Keep using it... Doesn't change much
That's a lot of instances of the word "foundational" in a few short tweets
On my way to the yearly event I absolutely must be at, and of course cry at,
Excuse me, what now?
Bless his heart.... 💙😭
“Aim for the middle and you’ll never miss.” - Happy Hogan
Yeah... I was good until like the last 6-8 years and then it's been like my body playing catch up to all the things I "missed"
Adult-onset allergies fucking suck.
MORE CATS?!? 😳😬
That is not the "cat wall" I was envisioning.....
Oh it's ON!
RT Announcing the GA of Tembo Self Hosted: the all-in-one platform that allows you to run the best of the #PostgreSQL ecosystem…
Oh yeah?
The answer really is "it depends"... on: - Stage / size of company (if that role has to be 5 in one) - Target audience and the product (technical? drag-and-drop tool?) - What roles in the company are also contributing? - etc. At the very least, an aptitude for the domain
Wow! 10 years already?! 🎉
CONGRATS 🎉🎉 I can't imagine how hard it is, so you're rocking it and deserve all the things!
So / magazine did a feature on the talk I'm giving at #InfobipShift Miami in a few weeks! If you haven't gotten your ticket already, you can get a 25% discount at this link ( ) or with the code "Jerdog"
Then you should! Can you make it down?
RT Spring is here, and that means it time for some Spring Lightning (talks) at our April #DevOps KC Meetup, on April 30th! RSVP…
RT We just released the Program for #DevOpsDaysKC! Use the code "2024-PROGRAM-RELEASE" for 20% off this week only on your ti…
Will they be big enough by Thanksgiving?
And I still vividly remember my response after seeing the movie... Completely blown away, and literally saw it in the theatre 6+ times.
RT
RT McDonalds’ CEO is paid $8,543.27 an hour. Burger King’s CEO is paid $56,250 an hour. Domino’s CEO is paid $4,875 an h…
It's like one day can be two things at the same time! 🤯
Trans Rights are Human Rights #TransDayOfVisibility
Yeah, it's happened only 3 times in the last 24 years, and the first since 2013. It won't happen again until 2087. The fake outrage makes it convenient to hide their bigotry. #TransDayOfVisibility
RT Just a little reminder, March 31 is ALWAYS Trans Day of Visibility and there's no war on Catholics and Christians. If…
A lot of good things I've learned from Jess. This is just one of them.
Great blog post on how to do a virtual conference that focuses on the participant... #devopsdayschi was the best I've been to in 2020
So finally got my COVID test back and I'm negative. I wore a mask. Those who I was exposed to didn't. #WearAMask IT IS NOT A POLITICAL ISSUE!
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Falcon 9 Rolls Out for Saturday Launch -
🎶 "So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen, adieu Adieu, adieu, to yieu and yieu and yieu So long, farewell, au revoir, auf wiedersehen So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen, goodbye Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye Goodbye!" 🎶
RT There will be only one of us bragging at the end of this. you’re the other one.
RT Remember after Hitler was gone how everyone in Germany was told to be nice to Nazis so they didn’t get upset? Yeah me ne…
Don't go to Don't do it. I'm telling you... don't.
Going to go out on a limb here and say this is an idea a white person had....
RT No but really, what if Facebook is just a pure unadulterated molten garbage company?
RT What if—bear with me here—Facebook is a terrible, terrible company?
You asked for it.... 😂👍
RT They didn’t announce a vaccine, they announced promising preliminary data and the CEO of Pfizer told Axios, “I learned…
Let me see.... That tweet is around here somewhere....
RT A special version of #devopspartygames tonight! Tune in to a little after 6 PM US C…
Growing up I would watch Jeopardy every day &amp; even was qualified to participate in the HS Jeopardy series they used to do, but I chose a basketball tourney instead. So sad that Trebek has passed, but this final episode ending couldn't have been better timed. #RIPAlexTrebek
RT
RT Fear The Walking Dead
CONGRATS!!!! SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!! You're gonna love that team, especially my friends and !!!
I've purchased it... I'm hoping the online piece is more like Scrabble where one person plays and then you wait for the next, etc.
Ohhhhh... Now I'm even more interested
Today's Image of the Day: Astronauts Launching on NASA's SpaceX Crew-1 Mission Arrive at Kennedy Space Center -
Tapper's gloves have come off...and I'm here for it
I've been stuck around 2.4k for awhile.. I always here things about ratios and one -out-one-in, but never see any proof
I would be concerned, but I haven't logged into Facebook in almost 3 years, so not sure I would know.
Damn! Gonna have to check it out!
RT What a national disgrace. is blocking from planning a peaceful transition of power. Your voice matters…
I mean.. there's a few more days to get it done. Tomorrow is another day.
It's why we have basements, and get bigger houses to hold our stuff we might need in 10 years... I always thought the Carlin bit was a tad overdone, until I bought our second house....
RT 📺 NEW VIDEO We won. #ByeDon
..... No? Never said they're tainted...? I don't know how to explain the difference of Trump pushing forward a vaccine without testing, &amp; to have a vaccine fully tested correctly, &amp; how those are completely different... and in no way suggests to start over... Be well. Love you.
And if I understand correctly, if you're turning 18 before the runoffs, you can register to vote? That's got to influence the result in the right way I would think, right?
And that would be a rushed vaccine, and done to assuage Trump's fragile ego... I'm not taking it. We'll be lucky to have something that's proven to work and tested appropriately before March. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
? I'll take a vaccine... But not one rushed through by Trump without proper testing and analysis. Your joke made no sense as the very article isn't about a non-existent Trump vaccine. But I'll take the DQ.
"when it becomes available"
RT Nobody. Writes. Stories. Like. This. About. Men.
Yeah, my apologies.
So I have the a6100 as well, and wondering what would the 18mm f1.4 lens be of benefit for? I'm terrible with lenses....
#RIPAlexTrebek
OH: "To make a shield you have to kill a chicken, then you have to grab a feather. Then you have to drink the blood of your enemies, and then dance on their graves. Acco-taco." Or something like that.... I was laughing too hard.
RT Let's check in on how members of Trump's White House staff are doing on Twitter! A thread.
RT “I don’t know if anyone noticed or not, but Joe Biden has been elected the 46th president of the United States.”
You're right... Fair point.
You must be new to tech... 😂🤣
Perfect song I needed to hear to close out this amazing day... #TimesLikeThese by on These tears I'm crying are ones of joy. It's times like these you: 🧬 you learn to live again 🎁 you give and give again ❤️ you learn to love again ⏰ time and time again
Dave does such a great job with different renditions of their songs, and that was perfect.
RT This is how Ireland ended its newscast tonight
Hate to say it but I wasn't a fan of the song either
"It is never a good sign when Kanye accepts reality faster than you do." - on #SNL
They are correct. Mad respect for you Tim.
RT
I'm still laughing at this whenever I think about it... Thanks for sharing Paul!
Gonna have to give it a shot as well
RT When the world treats the news of you losing your job like the god damn Death Star just blew up, you've certainly... made s…
RT It just occurred to me that Madam Vice President = MVP :)
RT poor donald
All the while lying about not having seen his tweet
RT Very Fine People on Both Sides™: Listen, I know you guys have had a whole two hours to process the news, but you really shou…
Can someone please come pick up Grandpa already?
You're forgiven...
I get a bit under that on 4G... But it's America Steve... and it will get better
Oh I did the same.
2020 gonna 2020 "Man Banned From Yellowstone National Park After Rangers Catch Him Cooking Chickens in the Hot Springs"
That 5G is pretty fantastic here in KC!
🤔 you think?
RT my tail is blurry. and my feets. are a tippy tappin
RT Learn a few concepts that will help you optimize the Docker image development and build process from
I'm a crier. I make no apologies for it. I'm crying now. The last 4 years have been heartbreaking, maddening, angering, ridiculous, &amp; disgraceful on so many levels. I had no idea how much it's weighed on me emotionally until this very moment. Thank you and
RT We did it,
RT Congratulations to my friends, and — our next President and Vice President of the United States. h…
This.
RT Thanks to my friend Hannah for sharing this. Let’s do this!
RT I’m not crying you’re crying
They were whinging and whining so hard about the polls showing Biden would win by 12pts and they were wrong so Trump should win
So Trump2020
LOL noticed that too!
. YOU'RE FIRED!
RT Dave Chappelle. Foo Fighters. TOMORROW NIGHT
Just put a Quarter Pounder Meal outside the Oval Office
RT This is why they work hard to suppress Black and Brown votes.
PPV revenue just might reimburse the country for his golfing and hotel stays...
First question.. why?
RT #DevRel is a contact sport. If you're not in contact with your community, you can't server them. Listen to them. Hear them.…
RT Kamala says just pronounce it as Madam Vice President-elect.
RT
RT “Donald Trump is a fascist," the "Late Show" host said after the president's speech. "So you need to ch…
RT Black Voters Matter.
Same....
I'm so sorry! 😟
So this is fun... Found out I was exposed to people at my grandfather's funeral who don't wear masks &amp; have since tested positive. So while I don't have any symptoms at this time, I have to quarantine myself until I can get tested on Monday. #WearAMask FFS
RT Maybe Jared Kushner can talk to Donald Trump about eviction
RT 55% of white women voted for Trump this time, up 2% from last time, proving the Coronavirus is no match for the Karenavi…
RT That’s it. That’s the tweet.
Swiping down on the fingerprint reader of the #Nexus5 will bring down the notification shade... This is news to me on Pixel's, but is an old Android custom ROM feature. Love it.
Today's Image of the Day: Preparing the Sentinel-6 Michael Freilich Satellite for Launch -
Sooo cute! 🤩🤩🤩
I've seen it in person... It's a bit surreal that's for sure
Powerful opening monologue from tonight...
RT You would think people from Nevada would be good at sitting at a table and counting.
It's a crazy thing to see in person
I struggle with "obviously" the most
Soon.
No. IaC
Even then he would have lied about what happened
RT So ridiculous. Donald must work on his Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Ch…
Stop saying Trump "has had a casual relationship with the truth." He has lied. He is lying. He is a liar.
RT 🐢
Yep.
That's great news! Can't wait to hear where you ended up!
....because they're closer that way?
OH: "Hey Google, how many times has the #25thamendment been trending on Twitter in the last 4 years?"
If you're someone who is passionate about creating &amp; executing impactful customer success programs, combining disciplines like marketing, program management, and customer success - then you should check this role out here!
Right? Blocked and reported.
Whenever I hear someone in Marketing talk about "SQL" (Sales Qualified Leads) I want to say, "It's pronounced SEQUEL!!!"
But the free world depends on this! Lol
BUT IT IS FREE!!!
Fox... Just call the race for Biden. I don't care how premature it is, it is the end result, and the explosion of whinging from the big, orange baby in the People's House would be amazing. 🍿
Yeah we've hit the highest reported in the US, and I know people with it.
So... He's a serial loser?
What if they're the same?
That hits hard...
I've heard of this happening before but I've never witnessed it... Until now. The neighbor across the street just blew all the leaves from his neighbor's tree which were in his yard back into the other yard where they came from.
RT i find it hard to get excited about states legalizing drugs or really anything else when we're not capable of rejecting fascis…
I can personally attest to this being a pretty cool and fun way to learn about Solace PubSub+ and event-driven design and architecture. It's a great team over there, check 'em out!
As if you needed another excuse to go to the Austin DevOps Meetup.....! #DevOpsPartyGames
Turtle vampire.
Mozilla's MDN web standards reference platform makes move to GitHub, now in beta
Oh lord... Haven't seen that, but the obvious response is Biden should have _everyone_ in his Cabinet be "Acting" 😂
Anytime!
Ahh...
And in true fashion Kansas even has kangaroos as illegal.
Power-cycle
RT Well, at least he’s a subtle despot.
RT Nevada is that friend who texts you that they're "five minutes away" when they're still in bed.
Same. Kept building! Chills!
She got into quite a nice rhythm there for a bit
RT VERY unfair of the Rebellion to have Luke Skywalker fly an X-wing up our trench and fire photon torpedoes into our ONE sma…
Agreed! So well put together and researched. You kinda knew where it was going, but the depth of story was awesome!
Wow... this thread is amazing.... Take some time out of your doomscrolling to follow this all the way through...
I truly could not be more giddy about this than I am right now. Way to go Virginia!!!!
I'm sorry sir, this is a Democracy. You'll get your pureed carrots just like everyone else at the Mar-A-Lago Retirement Home. Wait your turn. It's coming.
Sir, this is a Democracy. Sit down and shut the hell up.
RT Trump is like if domestic violence were a presidency.
RT Trump supporters protesting... *checks notes* ...democracy
RT Shoutout to Trump voters who love racism more than being alive.
If you're in DevRel or Community Management, this is a FREE virtual conference that I don't think you want to miss!
More conference organizer tips! Take note!
Yes, but I'd much rather share it with you!
We need to talk.... 😳
A badge of honour right there. Keep up the good work Kat!
RT What a surprise that Trump’s efforts to sabotage the USPS to suppress the vote ended up suppressing the vote
You know this is exactly what happened with Trump... As a child, and now as a bigger, much older child.
RT Speaking of recounts, could we also do a recount of all the kids that haven’t been reunited with their parents, people who di…
Potentially unpopular opinion... Mural is the _worst_.
RT The 5 Stages of Conference Talk Preparation 1. Acceptance (of CFP) 2. Procrastination (until the week before) 3. Bargaining (cut…
It's not even Thanksgiving yet....
RT 🚨BREAKING: New USPS data appears to show a failure to deliver mail ballots from voters across the country on Election Day.…
They literally told Judge Sullivan they weren't going to follow his orders.
In a long line of his dishonest, despotic speeches
RT nov 4th
RT It's not even trying to keep people from voting, THEY ARE GOING TO TRY TO KEEP LEGITIMATELY CAST BALLOTS FROM BEING COUNTED
RT Big test for the media after this absolutely despicable speech. You don’t mince words on this one, people. He’s playing wi…
RT We'll know the election results when every ballot is counted. That's how democracy works.
So we're acting like this is different from any other morning?
"Amazon Lifestyle" coming to your favourite cloud streaming platform #soon
RT Florida voted for a $15 minimum wage, despite voting for Trump, and Democrats are still afraid of being called "liberal".
Yeah, that's what I was seeing from others who were working the polls (BTW: thank you for volunteering!).
Today's Image of the Day: Our Sun's Glint Beams Off San Francisco -
Like, this tells me that (at this moment) 4mil+ MORE people wanted the chaos, pandemic, racism, and fascism to continue than in 2016. Sure, this could be more already-convinced Trump voters who decided to vote than did in 2016, but come on! This does not bode well for America.
This is the most frustrating and concerning thing...
RT It's not my place or Donald Trump's place to declare the winner of this election. It's the voters' place.
She's so cute! So happy for you all!
RT if you're a Democrat whose goal was America repudiates Donald Trump and his politics I understand disappointment. if you'…
RT It shouldn’t be this close. A criminal. A racist. A narcissist. A philanderer. Admiration for dictators. Nepotism. A ma…
RT He spent 4 years golfing. And people are still voting for him. I will never understand it
OH: "How long has it been since you've washed your cast iron with soap?"
Come join our zoom call....
The full story is fantastic.
RT Survival tips 2020
This 👇 is soo good.
RT there are many reasons to love having as a friend &amp; coworker, today I want to give him a shout out for workin…
RT good morning
RT Today feels like being in the car in a mild rush to the hospital
RT The VSCode project refused to implement SSH key commit signing many years ago and I actually got them to merge a falsified com…
RT BTW, I am not saying that this is what happened in the #xz backdoor case, but what does not help is, github makes it quite…
You're robbing a bank! Pick your crew!
RT An unknown person joined the core team of a popular library where the author burned out and then inserted a backdoor. And…
RT Worth a read. OSS maintainers have been raising alarms about a general lack of support (from their employers, communities, an…
RT The xz backdoor was initially caught by a software engineer at Microsoft. He noticed 500ms lag and thought something was…
Yeah, sounds about right. just sent me this, which goes along with that thought lol
Right? You used to get a dinner with your show! But It is Spirit, so cost-cutting measures and all
When you mix up 'microdosing' and 'macrodosing'
Some great insights in this thread from Lauren, from an awesome show
RT #Vuejs devs! Late passes for Vueconf go on sale on Monday, April 1, so register now and pay less. Jus' saying... May…
RT still looking for folks to present a technical topic for virtual meetup series. if you have a technical talk you wa…
RT Staring at other people’s food in the restaurant as you wait for your meal
RT 📝 🎉 CALL FOR PROPOSALS ARE CLOSING TODAY AT 2PM CST. 📝 🎉 This is your last chance to submit a talk for #DevOpsDaysAustin.…
Namecheap is awesome, and the only one I use anymore.
Which makes us buoyant
RT the term "open source" matters and is worth defending
RT It’s gonna take awhile to get all our votes counted. I’m willing to wait...
RT america, you got this
You gotta stay for the whole video, especially from about 40sec in. We need this energy today... Get out and #VOTE
Mandatory voting is dramatically different from "if everyone voted"
Multiple replies crisscrossing
But here's the thing. If _everyone_ voted, America would look different than it does today. Politicians would be held accountable and would have to listen to their constituents. But people decide not to use their vote for whatever reason. ¯\_ಠ_ಠ_/¯ And so it goes.
You're right. It's your right not to vote. But don't confuse "not voting" with "voting".
Voting is a verb. You can't vote by not voting. That's like drinking by not drinking. You can't do something by not doing that thing. You can make the choice not to vote. That's fine. That's your prerogative. But that's not voting.
People need to vote.
Remember ALL of these in this thread
So proud of her! #VOTE
That's pretty awesome Joe! Congrats!
I voted early, but this is your reminder to go #VOTE #Vote2020
RT Vote!
It's always noon somewhere in the world
Today's Image of the Day: Raquel Redhouse: Small Spacecraft Systems Virtual Institute Technical Manager -
RT Election Day calories don’t count just FYI
A good page to just keep open today
RT While we get started, remember that many of the claims circulating today will probably be rumors we've already looked into. We…
Yessass.... I'll bring the scotch and half and half, you provide the Grape Nuts!
The People's House... ರ╭╮ರ
I don't know... A bit more partial to scotch, grape nuts, and half-and-half myself
I'm loving Alton Brown's Twitter feed tonight
I am today years old when I found out that Raisin Bran has a cranberry variant.... 🤯
RT Our administration literally left this White House a playbook that would have shown them how to respond before COVID-19 re…
Another great show is
RT Donald Trump doesn't get to decide the future of America's leadership. The American people do.
Yeah! It was so good!
RT you guys we don’t have to send in the marines to get him out of the white house all we have to do is cancel the cable
Here's your regular, weighted suggestion to watch It is the antidote to these insane times; 10 episodes of absolute, wholehearted goodness.
I have binge watched this 3 times in the last month, the most recent being last night. So fracking good.
That was well done btw
You'll have to get two because I doubt there will be anything left when you walk the 4mi back, and you of course would want to share.
This. Is. The. Best.
Where IoT and BPMN collide... With Halloween and dogs.
RT JUST IN: A federal judge rejects a GOP attempt to throw out 127,000 ballots in the Houston area cast at drive-thru sites
Pretty crazy that we're at the point where we're literally happy when a judge does what they're supposed to and rules on behalf of our democracy. I don't care which side of the political chasm you are - this is a good ruling. Also, the GOP had _no_ issues with the process in Sept
RT I've just posted this new blog post for managers who are unsure what they should do if a teammate shares their grief (or an…
ASSUMPTION IN PLAY BY ME - Trump _thinks_ he's telling the truth here.. Trump probably believes that paying payroll taxes is the same thing as him paying taxes. That's the only way that he could possibly claim to have paid millions in taxes. Or he's just flat out lying again.
RT We can’t just imagine a better future; we’ve got to fight for it and vote for it. If you haven’t voted yet, make sure to r…
This has been Trump's MO from the get go. He's empowered by the GOP to crime like no one has crimed before, all so they can get their agenda and judicial court appointments through, and if they make money along the way, then so be it.
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating 20 Years on Station: Expedition 1 -
I'm sick of people saying, "You can't compare Trump to Hitler! He hasn't engineered mass extinction of 11+ mil people!" Sure. You're correct. But Hitler was Hitler long before that ending. How do you think he got to that point? Trump is every bit the same as Hitler. #VOTEHIMOUT
We had an incident this morning which caused this... Everything looks to be correct now though. If you see this again, please let us know!
You know, from the campaign that is all about "Law and Order"
We get Tuesday off, but I'm working the rest of the week
Congratulations Aaron! This has been quite a ride, and so happy to see where you've ended up at!
That's infuriating! 🤬
So, so much.
Like WTF?
Heck yeah.. I have had 3 pints already since early October.
RT Can you even begin to imagine what would happen if these caravans were made up of Black people? The thought experiment is th…
I feel like I need some video for context
RT Hannah Arendt, a German Jew, political theorist and philosopher, was born on this day in 1906. One of her many legacies…
Okey dokey! 🤣😂 You know how good and cheap the housing market is here....
So I guess I need to start sending listings around here?
The camera on the #Pixel5 is amazing.. #nofilter
Yeah that's a big nope.
RT Every legally cast ballot should be counted, no campaign should seek to disenfranchise legal voters who follow the rules, a…
RT DevRel = "let's get started!" +(content)+"can't wait to see what you'll build!"
Ahh.. the same #LeningradLindsey who said that POC had a place in America, as long as they were Republican.
Brilliant
The TX Highway Patrol should be able to arrest based on video evidence. Will they? ¯\(°_o)/¯
I received it yesterday (2wks early), and I really like it! It is going to take some getting used to not having a bigger screen, but all in all I am happy so far.
There is so much wrong here. To starters: 1) Police are not political tools. Each officer needs suspended. 2) The blue on the US Flag has _nothing_ to do with Police. Any flag with a blue line is a desecrated flag. 3) We are not a Police State. All of this is fascism (Trumpism)
Favourite line.... "Your best? Loser's always whine about 'their best'. Winner's go home and f*ck the Prom Queen."
Corey.
RT A lot people who were very vocal about the incivility of Sarah Sanders being politely asked to take a cheese plate and go…
If you can't win.... Cheat.
And it's a great smile!
A Patriot.
Right?
RT First the black, white &amp; blue anti-Black Lives Matter flag flew outside of Trump rallies, then on stage, next to the US fl…
RT Sir Sean Connery has died at the age of 90. He was the first actor to play James Bond on the big screen in Dr. No in 1962, From Ru…
This is some archaic, patriarchal, misogynistic BS....
2020 can go F itself AGAIN... #RIPSeanConnery
RT Part II of FACTS about vote counting: -The president has no control over how votes are counted -Election results are certi…
RT FACTS about counting votes: -Ballots are counted after Election Day in every single state -No state certifies a winner on…
RT If you work in tech and you think bias and discrimination don’t exist just because they’re not affecting you, that doesn’t…
RT “The tech industry, especially where it was pre-Y2K when I joined the industry, was hostile toward people of color, and…
And to add to that, they don't question where the money comes from - but free healthcare or free education or end childhood hunger, etc? "Where will we get the money?"
It's a blessing to have people like that! I have quite a few and I love them dearly!
Congrats Shen! 🎉
Congrats 🎉 and here's to what comes next for you!
HOLY F.... This is amazing news! You're going to do amazing things there, and also learn more of why #blameMary exists! 🤩😂 Congratulations! 🎉🎉
Guess who's sitting back drinking wine and watching the other one do all the cooking?
But you have another..... It can learn to be the only, dominant one left
His helping of food at the next few family gatherings as a down payment
This never gets old.. a lot to be learned here
In all fairness, I'd buy these... And I'm not really a fan of chocolate.
Have you heard of our lord and saviour OpenShift?
They _REALLY_ missed a good opportunity there
And beans! &lt;/me ducks&gt;
Today's Image of the Day: Night Aboard the Space Station -
"We're not planning anything! We _swear_!"
Has anyone checked on SkyMall lately? They ok?
I sometimes think that DevRel kept SkyMall afloat
"Bluetooth sleep mask" sounds like something you would buy from one of those airline seat magazines
Good to know...
That lighting....
How about Escape Rooms?
I'm sure has some opinions here on special abilities from rat bites
OH1: "Are we getting Halloween candy?" OH2: "Yes. Are you going to share with Trick or Treaters?" OH1: "If we have any, I'm going to punch them in the face. Trick or Treaters have really punchable faces." Me: .....
You and
01001000 01101111 01101110 01101011
RT If we pour all our effort into these last five days and vote up and down the ticket like never before, then we will elect…
Did they catch it though?
What did you do this time?
Me: "Hey Google, turn off the office lights." Also Me:
One of the hosts.... And cranberry sauce
Mmmmm.. cranberry sauce and #DevOpsPartyGames
RT The whole “she wore clothes in a magazine, let’s pretend they’re hers” gimmick is the classic Republican strategy of “let’s willfu…
RT Republicans are Very Mad (again) about my appearance. This time they’re mad that I look good in borrowed clothes (again). Listen,…
I'll be right back...
Get your own #DevOpsPartyGames All-Star edition t-shirt from last night's winning design
OWC has always been solid as a Mac accessory company... Might have to give them a shot
RT If you missed last night's All-Star Edition of #devopspartygames, you can check out the video replay at
Today's Image of the Day: Our Halloween Sun -
Then the nation would see that we are more "liberal" than "conservative". Those not wanting everyone to vote are scared. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
We are so excited to have you join us!
🙋‍♂️ I get blocked on social media by family, and I'm usually the last to know about things happening.
Yeah mentioned I could upgrade the firmware on it... So maybe that's my issue ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
That does look interesting... I think I'll give that a try just in case
My issue has been that after a certain amount of time it drops connection to multiple devices and then I have to unplug it and then power it and my MBP down.
So... First things first... YOU CAN UPDATE THE CALDIGIT 3? Second... Don't judge me and my "one thing to plug into my MBP" attitude 😂 😆
Ahh that makes sense...
That looks good and they have a newer option. Only downside is it's a mini Display Port so I'll need an adapter, but not the worst thing there is.
What a way to end what looked to have been an amazing vacation!
Tech Twitter w/ docking stations on their 13" Macbook Pro: I need a reliable USB-C docking station which will handle a DisplayLink monitor &amp; multiple peripherals without putzing out after awhile. I've used CalDigit &amp; Totu to ultimate frustration. Please RT for reach.
That's what they do... They don't like being held accountable for their words and deeds, but have no problem doing the same with everyone else.
Wait.. I thought the Liberals were the snowflakes?
Tucker Carlson trying to find fake documents on the computer
Part of a great thread...
I can't believe what I just read. I mean, I can. But come on!
RT America is at a crossroads. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's chaos and division. Or we can choose a different…
RT Intensity: -run a marathon -write a book in 30 days -silent meditation retreat Consistency: -don’t miss a workout for 2 yea…
I've spent time with - this seems normal.
Sorry to hear this Angel. 😥
It looks good though!
Data... Data... Data everywhere!!!
Have to match Derr Leader... so orange for sure.
OH: "Who wants to talk about kubernetes on a Honda Civic?" No one.
This is full on down the slippery slope towards fascism... "1984" come to life.
Those who would enforce it are all knobgobbling the Trump Admin at this point.. so that's a no.
We're working to move these to better shirts for this episode as well as past episodes.
We are good to go with that shirt! You can order it in a variety of sizes and shirt types (even tank tops!!) at
A beautiful feeling that is lol
Omaha is a case in point...
Today's Image of the Day: 'Sprites' Frolic in Jupiter's Atmosphere -
What could go wrong? 😂
"excuse you"
The kids have entered hybrid schooling and are at school (for 2 days) for the first time since March. It's SOOO quiet!!! 😆 AMA!!!
This is golden...
Ahh - the Trump Presidency in a nutshell.
Geez... That whole thread will be used to explain one of the reasons why Omaha will experience an outbreak in the next 10 days. I wonder how many will get sick and be disappointed they voted for Der Orange Asshat?
OH: "Not because I'm a thought lord or anything..."
RT The deadline for in-person advance voting is noon on November 2. Click here to see where you can advance vote in-person in y…
I wish I still had mine
Possibly not the best way to sell the XDA phone... 😁
Both. Haven't you met Brandon?
I mean.. if it works?
You have 90min to finish whatever other stuff you're doing and then join us
Just make sure you don't/do confuse the two
You're gonna have to share on #devopspartygames tonight Tim. SPEAKING OF... Amara... You should watch TONIGHT at 8P CT ( and then be on an upcoming episode of
Jiffy cornbread is sooo good... It really is the best. F the Jiffy haters
Gonna be a fantastic episode with one of my closest friends... Please join if you can!
RT Donald Trump believes he deserves 4 more years. This graph is proof he shouldn’t even get 4 more minutes.
Wow.
If you don't add a comment it's a normal RT.. can confirm.
I'm hooked already
I'm queuing up the book series
Is that a book series? Or a TV show?
I haven't... Going to check it out
The Expanse show was amazing and I loved it. Haven't heard of Murderbot?
On it!
I do look forward to the second book
Yeah looking for booksut I do need to hit up DS9 as I never watched all of it
So I just finished 's Old Man's War series, and am ready for a new sci-fi series to veg out on. Taking suggestions.
With beans, right?
RT When I say rule changes, what I mean: GOP: not considering an Election Year nominee and 4 years later confirming an Election…
Hah yeah incomplete, and having lived it on both sides I now have quite a tick in my eye 🤣😂. That being said, great news for the XDA team, and something I wish I could have been around still to drive over the line. It was in 2012 that I first started pushing for an XDA phone.
Say it again for THOSE IN THE BACK!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins Casts Her Vote from Space -
A great thread on how #devopspartygames came about, and our All-Star episode is TONIGHT AT 8P CT!! Thanks to for being the co-host / partner-in-crime for this. More to come!
Self care is important, and you know I'm there for you if you ever need to hop on the phone / video and vent.
It's a masterclass being taught in that one tweet. Thought leadership.
nice half shame there!
RT Don’t give up. We ain’t over.
RT Donald—I appreciate the free publicity for Borat! I admit, I don’t find you funny either. But yet the whole world laug…
Someone was really happy
RT Another absolute BANGER 🧨🧨🧨🔥🔥by my colleague You should definitely be following her if you're interested in…
These are solid choices. But... When are you in town? I'll meet you and take you somewhere.
RT Washing, drying, and putting away your laundry all in one evening
RT This is a video of me calling for a new teamie. We're growing the funniest team at , the Growth team, aka me. Do you…
Lol yeah, duped everyone huh?
I'm looking forward to #InfobipShift Miami! You can get a 20% discount on a ticket using this link and join me there!
I know... Some people, right?
Right?
Yes but have you ever thought about using a domain like for something cool and awesome.
I know.
OH: Nickelback is just a better version of Metallica
You're welcome
Uhh...
OH: "that's easy" Me:
RT Every fucking CEO out there should be forced to recite this out loud 5 times a day.
I have missed seeing you all week!! 😔😞
#TeamCandyCorn here too! Actual Brach's, not the off brand.
This should be the end goal of all improvements
Sooo ready for this after the last week.. it's going to be so much fun! Join us!
RT A vote for Amy Coney Barrett is a vote to rubber stamp an illegitimate process, carried out against the wishes of the majority…
RT This rushed confirmation is more than just a hypocritical power grab. It’s more than an effort to deny voters a say. I…
RT It’s time we replace Secretary Betsy DeVos with an actual public school educator — one who values our public schools and is c…
RT “If [stakeholders] don’t understand the value you bring as a community person, they’re going to make the best business…
RT It is time kill intros in large group meetings. They take up too much time. If online, ask everyone to write their intros i…
RT An amazing opportunity to join Honeycomb as an SRE (and work with to boot).
Today's Image of the Day: Jezero Crater Was a Lake in Mars' Ancient Past -
Same
My almost 13yr old: "I just realised that COVID spelled backwards is 'DIVOC'. So what 'di-voc' is going on around here?" I love him so much.
RT Trump does a great job representing scared little men all across the country.
Final pic as I'm eating all of this myself
And we're done.. ~10hr cool time. It's sooo good.
You've not had Q39? Oh my... We must rectify that. All that being said, I love brisket, and haven't had many bad experiences anywhere. You have a right to be wrong, but I still love you.
I tell you, Franklin BBQ is top-notch for Texas brisket. But it doesn't compare to places like or and their brisket. I've been to many Texas BBQ joints, tasted their best, and while it's _good_, it's not the best.
Right? The hypocrisy is blinding and dangerous
Out at 1900 (at 170F) to finish in the oven
Metaphors are lost on that lot and they hate strong women. So sorry this is happening Em.
I mean, it does meet the "rules"
Yeah... It's terribly resilient
Luckily this was in 2018... But no, they don't. Only plausible explanation is scientists don't watch sci-fi movies/TV or read sci-fi books/mags
Hey welcome back! Twitter be Twitter
Only thing I've found is deleting the tweet, which feeds the bad retweeter's agenda. Sucks ass
Oh he's a peach. A Jacob Wohl wannabe with a bit more money and whit.
That's really too bad
RT Exploding Kittens really wants to make a board game version of Among Us. you interested? LMK and I'll call an…
He is pretty cute and awesome. And he's our QB.
So sorry Emily.
1630 and I've added more hickory
At 1509 here's where it stood
Started smoking the brisket flat around 1030a
And I placed my pre-order... Arrive in time for my birthday it looks like
In all fairness, a racetrack does have turns... So Trump's kept us going in a circle with COVID, so we are always "rounding the turn"
RT In 2020, we show up early — for everything, but especially for voting. Get out there and vote!
RT They didn't slip. They were pushed.
This is infuriating... "Eat the rich" and "sharpen the guillotines" seem appropriate now
Got my #TruthOverFlies fly swatter today! #BidenHarris2020
Brisket flat starting the dry rub marinating process. #KansasCityBBQ #ThisIsTheWay #DryRubYourMeat
RT Did you know you can use {}s in Bash/Zsh to create multiple files at once? $ touch Button.{js,css,stories.js,test.js} This…
If you're referring to custom AOSP ROMs and no install of Google Apps, then yeah I think so
Yeah and really until the 8 OnePlus hadn't really either... But that isn't the case anymore. Might have just made my mind up.
I'm really tempted to take the plunge, but can't decide on the new OnePlus 8 Pro or the Pixel 5
Trump doesn't have to qualify what "rounding the turn" means. His base reads it as "see, it's going away on its own", whereas the rest of us and the scientists recognise the turn as the last bend in the road before hell.
Haven't watched it yet, but I'm assuming the same level of real life that The Onion has become
So I'm really interested in it, having not had a Pixel yet. I've been on OnePlus devices for years, but the new Pixel is so tempting. How's the camera? Battery life?
All-Stars Edition of #DevOpsPartyGames coming THIS TUESDAY Oct 27 at 8pm CT!!!!!
That's right. It doesn't go with kale
If you have nothing to hide, why send the cease and desist? #facebookads
Yeah, I feel this
RT One day, there will be an amazing movie about the strength and kindness of Dr Fauci. He is an inspiration in focusing on he…
Fair analysis
Such a good skill to acquire as a #cmgr
RT This is the one thing about Yoda that’s relatable.
Oh I'll take the curly fries here. One of the reasons I go to is for their curly fries.
I feel like needs to answer this
The local Target is across the street from the Walmart, so there's some bleed over...
I mean it has worked for Trump and the GOP for years now... ¯\_(⊙_ʖ⊙)_/¯
Must be a snazzy Target
I am so excited for you Ben! This is great news!
What the hell?
Sir, this is a McDonald's.
How are you doing, and when are you bringing back the McRib?
👏👏👏👏
RT We’re just days away from the election and I know there are a lot of good lawyers out there who want to make sure that vot…
If remote working is your primary way of working, make sure you let your voice be heard in Buffer's Remote Work survey
RT CNN’s debate fact-check laid out a “bombardment of dishonesty” from Trump
RT Celebrating Friday night by staying in and keeping safe 🥳
RT Here Biden clarifies everything. You know he's a crook and a predator and I'm the opposite. Vote accordingly. Trump responds:…
Why not both?
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Galactic Waterfall -
Oh I'm 95% missing it.
I'm at the airport picking up my uncle for my grandpa's funeral and it's like a distant memory of what this place is
RT The NYT reporting of undisclosed overseas accounts and proposed business deals raises the question why Trump said in 2017…
RT "I now have to compete with more of the world population that doesn't look like me. 95% of my competition still looks like…
Stop it with your logic...
RT 😂
Ahh.. the childish definition of "fairness" == no accountability for behaviour, actions, decisions.
Congratulations Zan! So happy for you and your wife! 🎉 👶 🍼
I had no idea they were doing a Nathan Drake movie... I love the Uncharted games. Really looking forward to this, and Holland should be really good!
Today's Image of the Day: Studying Aircraft Noise -
If you're responsible for creating content in your #DevRel org, this program will be extremely helpful!
As usual Twitter is too little, too late.
What's so annoyingly stupid about it is you don't have to put anything and just hit Tweet and it still shows up like you hit the old RT behaviour.. still 2 clicks.. does nothing to improve the UX/UI.
I was able to utilise Buffer to get around this earlier today... Might give that a try?
Hits the nail on the head... Their whinging never ceases to be annoying. Same rules apply to everyone.
They ran out of creativity
2 and 5 for me... I ate an entire case (not box, case) of the caramel delites in my younger days, and lemon cookies make me happy
RT The story of Trump's bribe from Egypt is the greatest scandal in American history. This whole episode is on it. Every vote…
I mean, when you're used to talking out your ass.....
RT 💕 It's #InternationalPronounsDay! At CircleCI, we believe in supporting people's pronouns and identities. It's never too late…
RT I suspect if Washington DC was a Republican stronghold Mitch McConnell would long ago have made it a state with pious histor…
RT I want to live in a country where decency, honesty, competency, and empathy trump partisanship.
RT Mister Rogers’ wife and Mel Brooks endorsed Biden and the Taliban and the KKK endorsed Trump in case you were still on t…
I'm in. Who's bringing the 2nd breakfast?
I sent this earlier &amp; then accidentally deleted it. The last few days have been hard, with my Grandpa entering hospice &amp; passing today after 92 years, joining my Grandma in heaven. I'll miss him, but grateful for the last 5 days together. Thank you for your well wishes.
RT ⚰️ Never assume users' needs. 🙋 Always ask, test, experiment, validate.
Today's Image of the Day: Touching Down on Asteroid Bennu -
RT Want to make sure you don't miss an episode of #devopspartygames? Sign up for our mailing list here!
When I sing it during karaoke it's always a crowd favourite
But that which does is.... Wow.
All hail Jack White
And my vote has been accepted! #IVoted #IVotedEarly
RT Listening to Joe Biden reading calming tweets is exactly what I needed right now... Imagine if THIS was the energy our Preside…
On me boys. I'll keep it warm.
TFW you go to Taco Bell and there's no one in the drive thru
Right?
So... Vote #BidenHarris2020 . Done. Problem solved.
Those hotdogs were soooo good
RT In other #devopspartygames news, our episode a week from today will feature a special guest host/commentator,
Wait... I'm certain you took more than 15% of my fries when we went to lunch at #SCaLE17x with Or maybe those were tater tots? Do those not count?
This about sums it up
RT "I may not be able to change my father's mind, but TOGETHER, we can vote this toxic administration out of office." -Me…
It's my contact photo for Sasha now
Going rate is 10k. 350 only gets you a slide into my DMs.
So if you're a company that provides a service, it's really poor form for your CEO to offer a quid pro quo... Doesn't make me want to use your tool/service at all.
If you're involved in #community or are a #cmgr you need to hit up this free virtual conference
Today's Image of the Day: Neutron Stars Create Gold and Platinum in Their Wake -
RT And...the final All-Star for #devopspartygames is See all the great players compete on Tuesday, Oct 27 at…
RT Diane Feinstein praising Barrett, and then inexplicably praising Graham, is a clear sign that she should not remain as th…
Same... But in all fairness it says "2% normal", which I'm taking as an absolute win.
Finnnneeeee.... Then how are we celebrating?
Ugh! And nothing's open.
You have a point. Gotta take a few short hop flights to get back into shape.
Oh my... I've not made it there yet
Oh yes... And the new lounge at ATL was awesome... But of course that was decades ago now it seems, and is probably all overgrown at this point.
Delta. Delta all the way.
Oh that was just a flight from MCI to MSP.... 😁😂🤣
In the mornings if I can't get a mimosa, I get an OJ with rum. After a few (or baker's dozen) of those I move to ginger ale and Woodford, and then finish the flight with straight Woodford.
Bailey's in Tito's? Are we barbarians?
What else am I going to put Bailey's in?
Dang it Tim! Now I want a pizza.
I do, but only in crap coffee. It's the only way I drink coffee on planes.
RT A doctor who doesn’t follow public health guidance in a pandemic is almost as bad as a congressman who votes to cut hea…
RT If any other outlet started covering the political donations of *the parents* of folks who work at Fox there would be wides…
Hey I don't make the rules. ¯\_༼ ಥ ‿ ಥ ༽_/¯
Um... Beans are supposed to be in chili. Multiple kinds if you're lucky.
She is at least playing with more emotion and fight...
I took it as a reference to the Cowboys.... ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
Good choice for sure! A great community is which had some great recipes to go along with CZ and Pete's Meat suggestions. I'll be upgrading to a pellet smoker sometime soon.
2020... you've jumped the shark. And then you killed the shark, mounted its head on a pike, and tiktok'ed yourself humping the shark head, which then has gone viral. Enough.
Oh I love it, and something that's been heavily needed, a single pane of glass for dev communities
RT Only a couple more #devopspartygames All-Stars to announce...next up is The fun starts at 8PM CT on Tuesday,…
Thing is, it's not head-stuck-in-the-sand... They know what they're doing, and it's for an audience of 1, and talking points for his base.
RT No, Mr. President. Dr. Fauci has not been a "disaster." He has been an extraordinary public servant. You have been a disast…
RT Five Takeaways From Microsoft IoT Signals Report #IoT
Same. Very much same.
If trolling your children via text was an art form......
Well, in all fairness, he is an expert on things vanishing, disappearing, and petering out
Today's Image of the Day: Orion’s Recently Installed Solar Array Wings -
Hey look.. it's someone who misses the point
First talk I ever saw of yours was the zebra talk, and "humans aren't zebras" was the big takeaway. Also, I had a tweet in the presentation so that helped make it stick 😂
"it's in the White Claw"
RT Who's the next #devopspartygames All-Star to be announced? Why, it's Join the fun on Tuesday, Oct 27 at 8P…
A great talk coming up as #AllThingsOpen kicks off!
With so many good BBQ joints in the KC area, you could go to one a week in a year and still not hit them all.
Please tell me you went to
RT Next up in our #devopspartygames All-Star lineup is Join us LIVE at 8 PM CT on Tuesday, Oct 27 for all the…
RT OMG! Who did this?!?! Best 2 minutes of your day, week, month, maybe year. #WearAMask #SleepingBeauty #COVID19 #Masks #Ma…
This is an awesome idea and I love it! I'm loving what is doing with and with
This has some legs me thinks...
OH: "Imagine smoking un-ironically"
RT Kicking off #AllThingsOpen tmrw @ 6:15am PT w/ a talk on the next 50 Million developers and the global impact of OSS. Try…
RT The next player to be announced for the #devopspartygames All-Star episode is Tune on at 8PM CT on Tuesday, Oc…
Tell me which one you would get rid of, and why it's Milky Way
Biscuit is the same way... He will crawl under the covers of the made bed to get completely covered.
Well, you either like the D or hate the D, amirite?
I never share my desktop, only the application window, so it's not been an issue so far.
Yeah, slurping was some next level dominance
TIL about 'egg soldiers' while watching someone (they know who they are) half-peel a hard-boiled egg, bite off the top, and then dip sausages and bread inside. They then slurped (yes, slurped) the remaining yolk out before finishing the rest of the egg. 💀😂🤣
RT Love to be surrounded by these amazing women for my first #KubeconEU AND get great swag from the one and only
I remember that episode!
It takes a certain kind of ineptitude to supplant the orange site as "the hellhole". Well done fuckwad
It was soo close
🤘🙏 thanks Tyler
RT Your periodic reminder that and are amazing humans. &lt;3
OH: Did I just say, "Pray bitches!!!"
OH: I mean there are conspiracy theories Me:
OH: Stevie Wonder? I think he sees a little bit
Tbf, how different is this from any other time?
Aww. Miss you too Sean!
RT Come hang out with and in Paris tonight to toast the new Developer Experience Institute. I…
OH: #kubernetes? I don't know what you're talking about, it sounds like a disease
RT If you're giving your first Kubecon talk this year and you're nervous, good news: so is everyone else! This is genuinel…
RT I have coasters for free drinks. Today, I sound like Ducky from Land Before Time. Come for the voice, stay for the dr…
About to hit the #kubecon floor, find me or to chat about what we are building and for more info about tonight's happy hour
Dang it! I was in public when I opened that....
I mean it's obviously Milky Way....
RT Where we’re at: Twitter has removed a tweet (saying masks don’t work) from the president’s coronavirus advisor, Scott Atlas, fo…
I mean... Sure. ¯\_(☯෴☯)_/¯
It was bound to happen... The broad Evangelical movement is full of minds of mush who take this hook, line, and sinker. "How QAnon uses religion to lure unsuspecting Christians"
RT Mitch McConnell blocking coronavirus relief legislation for 155 days, legislation to restore Voting Rights Act for 315 days…
Out of the 4, I'll go with
RT As long as we're talking about candidates' adult children it's worth noting that all of Trump's children are banned from operati…
Evergreen tweet right here
Yeah the other three are vastly superior
With all that's going on these days, I appreciate checking in on me today.
RT By popular demand...the next #devopspartygames All-Star to be announced is Save the date and join us at 8…
What the...
I always forget about the conference until like 2 weeks before
Was actually hoping to make it to Strange Loop this next year, especially since it's only 3hrs away. Here's hoping it happens.
I've been playing softball, and love playing soccer but not good by any stretch.
#IVoted #IVotedEarly
Family that gets vaccine's and wears masks together, cares about and protects others. We got our flu vaccines and wear masks. You can too. #WearAMask #FluVaccine
RT We’ve got to come together to defeat Donald Trump –– Democrats, Independents, Republicans, and yes, even Demo-cats.
No.
That's assuming Russia will allow him to be extradited
RT It's not really surprising at all, this was always the play, but still kind of head-spinning to watch all the players from…
I highly recommend the show
Next up... "Pride &amp; Prejudice and Zombies"
Probably my favourite show since Parks and Rec and 30 Rock... And I cried at so many moments too
Copy/Paste but change what the bunny is holding (\_/) ( •_•) / &gt; 🖕
Great TV show with on Apple TV+
Schitt's Creek!!
Seems like the first time he's mentioned retreating to Mar-a-Lago East (Kremlin)...
So yeah that is definitely too limiting on your options.
How many colours of the rainbow are there?
She is correct.
Teenager who's getting their driver's license next week: "That pedestrian looks like he would fly really far if I hit him." Me: ....
I hate to tell you - but socialism exists already and you benefit from it (libraries, schools, military, etc), but of course you already know this. Also, the hammer and sickle you're showcasing here is also disingenuous since that's communism, not democratic socialism
Make sure to subscribe at to get notified when Zan goes live!
Good thread with solid info on why Facebook is a terrible place and is ruining political discourse
I just got my official ballot and I haven't been this excited to vote since my first time voting. #VoteEarly #Vote2020
Ahh Google Wave... I didn't last nearly 4 weeks. All of the services hold a special place in my heart.
RT The president was asked last night by about his sharing of the insane lie that the heroes of SEAL Team Six…
Hey I was on Google+ as an early adopter... Stayed long past its relevance too
He forgot "intelligence" and "humility", and I'm sure quite a few more words.
So sorry to hear this Nicole. 😥💚
Are you getting out? Or staying in the car? I mean if it wasn't a pandemic those would be dramatically different answers. But hell, it's a pandemic. Do what you need to, an F the haters.
/me checks Tiktok... 4! I'm at 4! On a blank profile too! Lol
RT "Chris Wallace wasn't fair to me." "Joe Biden was getting fed answers." "The Debate Commission is out to get me." "Savan…
RT Millions are unemployed and struggling in poverty; millions infected and more than 216,000 dead. Kids can’t go to school. B…
Never stop... just transform the material 😆
RT Amy Coney Barrett refuses to admit that a president can’t delay an election. She won’t say that voter intimidation is…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Snaps a Special Stellar Nursery -
Conference organizer PSA.. if you're requiring a potential speaker to submit an abstract of =&lt;50 words (which is bullshit btw), then you better be prepared to use =&lt;50 words to make your virtual conf appealing to a potential audience. Stupid constraints == stupid conferences.
Then you don't know the people (friends, relatives, acquaintances) I know...
Eek
You get a TWITCH, and YOU get a TWITCH!!!
Yes, however the amount of misinformation they are spreading is influencing voting... That's my biggest worry.
Yes, that's me over here workin' while vibing on a song I always forget about... Scooby Snacks... Then I had to go find this live performance from a few years back...
Wrong opinions are everywhere
Better than the insanity on not washing cast iron with soap ¯\_ಠ_ಠ_/¯
Or out of step with the majority of the nation
RT Nobody should have to wait 11 hours to vote, but we’re all grateful that you—and all those in line with you—stuck it out.…
RT Announcing the next contestant for the #devopspartygames All-Star Edition (Tuesday, Oct 27 at 8PM CT)....
I feel seen
Another example, in a long line of them, of how unfit she really is for the highest court in the land. She claims to be a staunch believer and defender of the Constitution, and yet continues to show how little she knows it. Sound familiar?
RT If you want to be an “originalist” in law, maybe you should go all the way. Cooking on a hearth. Leeches for medicine. An ol…
RT Your vote can make a difference. Make a voting plan at
Today's Image of the Day: Cliffs in Ancient Ice on Mars -
Make the Irvine people jealous and drink from the Denver office mug
Don't forget a bit of esports simping
I'm proud of you
RT You people will deploy to prod on a Friday but won't wash your iron skillet with soap. Cowards
All that being said, yes you should be able to put your cast iron in the dishwasher... But the end result is going to vary wildly by the type of dishwasher I believe.
That totally sucks! 😬 Hopefully you don't have to go through too much to get them back.
Or who his wife is? Who's Amy?
It's 80 here which is warm for mid October, but not unusual... Dips into perfect Fall weather here later in the week and foreseeable future, meaning upper 50s/lower 60s.
Thread. This is another attempt to smear the Democratic candidate this close to the election with NO evidence for truth, and Rudy Giuliani is involved again. And the MSM is taking the bait _again_.
RT "The prosecutor appointed by AG Barr to review whether Obama-era officials improperly requested the identities of individu…
The fact that a Supreme Court appointee can't even answer this question with a "Article II of the Constitution gives us the answer, which is Yes, and as a Supreme Court Justice I would uphold the Constitution" should speak VOLUMES here.
I believe and have done a fair bit of this
I personally have only ever seen DevEx as the abbreviation
I guess we should start working on the VC money, huh ?
RT If Amy Coney Barrett says her personal and religious views would not affect her rulings then why don't we just feed the const…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins Prepares for Launch to Space Station -
Who knew you would become the Pied Piper?
She really seems to have a problem with the literal words in the Constitution...
A plethora... You now have a plethora of messaging apps
Interesting... Why was it Signal?
Wow! Congrats on what comes next! Can't wait to hear the havoc you will wreck!
RT So excited to announce that I will be beating to 5k followers! The reward/punishment is TBD, but will like…
Capitalise the F and that should suffice
Hell I'll just be there anyways...
Problem solved. You're welcome.
RT COVID Update October 13: I've been writing these for 8 months straight. I could never have imagined. I imagine you're eagerly…
#DevOpsPartyGames All-Stars episode is coming up!!!! Tue Oct 27, 8PM CT
RT People talk about "boring" as being a negative thing but honestly after this year, I would anything for boring.
RT If you are confused by the right's cavalier attitude towards COVID-19 This (entire) thread has an excellent explanation of…
Just wait for 2 weeks.
Today's Image of the Day: The Ghost Nebula -
You could always mix things up and go with the Android vs iOS or PC vs MAC debate.
RT Premiering on Wednesday, October 14 at 12pm CT 🚀 📺 EP22: Author of DevOps for Dummies + Principal Cloud Advocat…
Nope to the nope.
RT COVID Update October 10: I had a call with a Republican governor of a state in trouble and gave me a sense of where we are.…
CONGRATS! 🎉🎉🎉
This is absolutely AWESOME! Congratulations!
You've seen me.. you know my uniform. 👖👕🧢
OMG! 🎉❤️ That name just fits! You both have the perfect names for your dogs.
RT ANNOUNCING 📢 GitPitch Desktop 4.0 now exports slide decks to HTML 🥳 With just one click. For self-hosting slides on your own…
RT We just released the orb v4.0 for CircleCI! Now you can select a built-in template or customize and import your own no…
RT Want to check out the talks 🎤 and Q&amp;As 💬 from this year's #devopsdays Boston? They're on now! 📺
Neither does Trump
Seems on brand for the GOP and this Administration
Oh they're fantastic... Was our roaster when we had our shop years ago
All are solid iterations on the original title and themes
Of course this would be good! is run by my friend Jeff Taylor and is affiliated with . You'll never go wrong getting a coffee from either of these places!
Such a great show! Truly miss it and needs to bring it back!
This is a great idea!
So cute!
RT My company, has *almost* TWO THOUSAND FOLLOWERS. We share free mini lessons, quizzes, free content, and…
#WearAMaskSaveALife
RT An incredible reminder for #WorldMentalHealthDay from as I sit on my front porch, listening to rain and finding…
"Memorial was good. Nicely done and he would have loved it."
So... Trump still has coronavirus and had a fever 24 hrs ago. Got it.
Yeah watching it again for the third time
"Think of it as flattening the penises, of their heart."
RT
RT whoever is responsible for this deserves a medal
RT This needs more attention. Such a crisp response.
Season 2 of #TheGoodPlace is basically just 2020 over and over
RT Breaking NYT: The CDC drafted a sweeping order last month requiring all passengers and employees to wear masks on all for…
So he hasn't been tested and is still positive
RT 40,000 people a day are coming down with the coronavirus. What is the matter with this guy?
This tweet has moved that album to the top of my next playlist.
I really wish they wouldn't hang around there though... A bit disruptive when I'm trying to order, all that ass kicking and such.
It's like there's literally a bingo card
Will you, and your company, be on the right side of history - or will you bend to fascism and unjust "laws"? This is a good, short thread to challenge us all.
This whole thread of off-the-rails stuff from Trump might just be the most off-the-rails stuff from Trump
I mean Putin knows
RT I just saw someone refer to mansplaining as 'correctile dysfunction' so please excuse me while I laugh hysterically for 6 hours
So that's a yes.
Today's Image of the Day: The Iris Nebula -
Uhhh... Is that a symptom?
Sharing this again.. the fly knows. #BidenHarris2020
RT She'd be the first woman physician in the US Senate and would be the first Democrat from Kansas in the US Senate since 1932!…
RT Celebs including and are stripping down to bring attention to naked ballots…
RT I'm hiring! Looking for a #JavaScript developer interested in #DevRel Remote (US) You'll work directly with me All le…
RT It's too bad Trump is afraid to debate next week.
Never thought I would say this, but you should check out Mike Pence's Fly ( | Twitter
Why video has not emerged of this yet I will never know
RT Mr. President: You attack “socialized medicine” every single day. Well, let's be clear. The excellent care you received…
Today's Image of the Day: Thumbs Up From Out of This World -
RT
"Prospefity" aside, let what this GOP senator has just said sink in for a second.... "Democracy isn't the objective" "Rank democracy can thwart that (the human condition flourishing)"
RT Pence apologizing to Mother right now for getting to 3rd base with the fly
RT Strong. Honest. Clear. Hopeful. Tonight, proved that she and have what it takes to move this cou…
RT Coming up after the break, a exclusive
RT Let me be clear: A Biden-Harris Administration won't increase taxes by a dime on anyone making less than $400,000 a year.
RT Kamala is a warrior for truth.
RT Pence saying they have "always" told the American people the truth is just a whopper of a lie.
I pitched in $5 for this fly. Will you?
RT i know. there’s a lot going on right now. so i just wanted to say. i love you
What's that you say? ARM support on
That's a top tweet right there
This needs to be an ignite talk
Today's Image of the Day: Grappling With the Future -
So just more environment conscious
Right?
RT #ImVotingFor the future of our democracy—for the young folks who will inherit whatever we leave them. They’ll take the bat…
RT The Developer Experience Gap
RT My heart goes out to everyone touched by this virus, from those at the White House, especially the Secret Service and re…
RT If Trump telling his negotiators to stop talks with Democratic leaders until after the election doesn't piss you off enough to g…
Is it to late to just burn everything down and start over?
Congratulations!!!
Noted.
I love this show so much.... 😥😂🤠
FOUND IT!!
I went looking for the documentary and couldn't find it....
RT Sources tell me that Stephen Miller is running a fever. He’s up to 34 degrees. 😷
Yeah my premium went up 60%
RT BIDEN 2020: HE WON'T TRY TO KILL YOU
Would love to find the source around the fetal tissue from aborted babies. Everything I could find stated fetal mice tissue...
Both can be true... And are.
You have lost your (not-yet-existent) driving privileges young lady.
You're welcome David.
Welp, I've just bought a car for my son and daughter to use. Is this when the heartburn and ulcers kick in?
I _just_ might watch for that chance
Karma != Consequence
RT RIP, Eddie Van Halen. :-(
Yeah, it really does. Having to get double cataract surgery at 46 was a big eye opener for me.
OH: So that's what community means - "around the toilet door"
It's a "circle of life" thing
Yeah, it sparked many a good conversation with my friends as well, and I donated a lot of money to the theatre to watch it over and over
One of my all-time favourite films. A masterpiece.
It did come back a few hours later. Thankfully.
Start a trend
RT NEWS: Cloud Native Computing Foundation’s Project Gains New Corporate Support 🥰 #KubeCon + #CloudNativeCon Euro…
Yeah seems a water main broke around the corner and so they shut off power to the area until they get it fixed. Sometime this afternoon.
So power is out in the hotel. It's fine.
I guess I'll see you sometime! 😁
RT Honored and humbled to be amongst the speakers for 2024. I’ll be talking about I18n in Vue apps. Can’t wait to hit…
Anything Anker &gt; Any knockoff
OH: I was trying to impress people but all they made me do was drink water
OH: Half of the Developer Experience is being stabby
OH: It's like Summer Camp
They probably did, but you know, autocorrect
OH: Can you let him know that it was a shit poor?
Aww shucks! Thank you for this!
RT RedMonk Beers comes to the 20th arrondissement tomorrow. See you there, #KubeConEU friends of
Oh for the love of...
It _should_ be....
Missed opportunity for sure
Today's Image of the Day: Overcoming Hurricanes and Earthquakes to Get an Experiment to the Space Station -
We just can't have nice things
Fantastic news! I'm assuming, of course, that they provided you with a big bag of gummy bears as part of the onboarding
RT Never was so much harmed for so many by so few.
Ahh yes.. you were particularly bossy that evening.
You were _really_ into that lobster roll... And as to that look... you had just met me, so I can only assume that's the reason for the look, given I have seen that look many times.
RT Oh my god, when they said Trump would kill the republican party, they meant... literally
Intriguing... Will have to test that out
The best bit from this comedy special... (H/t /
Because the "horse is still in the hospital", I am inspired to watch 's "Kid Gorgeous" Netflix special for the first time. I might even live tweet my favourite bits...
That was a great night... The fish and then the fire pit finished that off well
RT I don’t think I’ve ever witnessed someone so lacking in empathy and common sense.
Generally you impeach 'em
Oh! I'm evidently a bit fuzzy on timeline
I bet you with some CSS and the new design system you might be able to get it to work...
Smoke signal for maximum effect and emergency
Or 3) I want to communicate with Jeremy in as many ways as possible.
Asana task please.
RT Just saw a tweet that said "Stay at 127.0.0.1. Wear a 255.0.0.0" and I'm like... that's a class A subnet. That's a mask b…
Have you met ?
HONK!
WOW! That's AMAZING news! Congratulations!
I just aspirated a tiny pretzel. AMA.
OH: "I am open to the possibility that I am being a bitch" "No I don't think that" "Well, wait... let's hear her out"
RT We're thrilled to have Angel Rivera ( Developer Advocate for presenting at #AllThingsOpen!
I don't believe she asked for your hot take on if her veggie salad was correctly identified or not. If Sasha wants to make a veggie salad out of fracking bananas and pomegranates, then she'll make a veggie salad.
Finally....
RT But hey you can’t just hide in your basement - you gotta go out and catch it for yourself like the President did. Maybe expose…
6 had no internet and mountains. Take me.
RT Sometimes life feels like you're trapped inside a urine-burping septic tank of hate. But then you pause. Take a cleans…
Today's Image of the Day: Antares Rocket Launches to the Space Station -
Love it! I need to redo mine as well since I have add/replaced things and cable are everywhere.
Such a good boy!
RT Be a patriot. Do your part. Wearing a mask will protect you. But it will also protect those around you — your mom, your dad,…
So evidently Trump just learned about this new thing called covid-19, and it's some really interesting stuff and we're going to be hearing about it soon.
RT The lying from the White House on Friday and from Conley yesterday about the president's condition is staggering.
RT Gift horse
RT The Trump campaign announced their master plan to win back the election called Operation MAGA but they forgot to lock up t…
RT Trailer tomorrow. Probably. #FreeGuy
Best take today.
Oh yes. Someone actually stopped singing long enough in the airport for this picture to be taken, I had to join in!
One year ago today I met up with some good friends, like here, &amp; participated in #monktoberfest, the best tech conference I've ever been to. And if it weren't for COVID-19 this would be happening again. I miss you all, but I look forward to the next time we're together.
If you drop 💩 like this and think it's a good take, I just assume you are an asshat
RT When cops kill a Black person, outlets “provide context” by digging up their past, like who Breonna dated, George’s rec…
Right? I guess I'm getting donuts tomorrow.
It's the first of the season... I don't have time for that.
OH: "Is dad getting us donuts in the morning?" "No, I called dad a donut."
You imply that this would be a crime of passion, therefore not planned out and done with any logic. She's clearly planning this, so her getting treats after said murder will be part of the equation.
Disemboweling you on Halloween
Bulleit and Four Roses are solid on their own as well
You are correct.
That description just sounds delightful all on its own
In all fairness I don't choose it for whiskey. There are better things if I want to ruin my week.
What's also evidently lost in this tweet is that _I_ drank it. Not "we"... "I".
...for not also having some?
It was the Southern Comfort egg nog.
I finished watching last night, and I cannot say enough good things about the show. My hometown's just rocked it. The show was full of all the kindness, optimism, and hope we so desperately need. I can't wait for Season 2.
Overachieve much?
No. Next question.
Two problems with this tweet: 1) Waffle House is not a guilty pleasure, and 2) Nothing is on the same level as Waffle House
I just drank my first pint of egg nog for the season.
That's certainly more likely...
Wait... Why is Trump's own property the place Pence would assume Trump's duties? Does Trump have an upcoming minimum debt payment due and be needs to grift the US taxpayer some more?
RT For those of you who think that professionals should ignore politics
RT Going well, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!
RT They’ve lied about virtually *everything* from the very first day of the administration. You think they’re not going to li…
I'm out car shopping for my oldest (ugh).. otherwise I'd try to stir something up for you.
RT 🔥If you want an easy and still legit (non-spammy) way of getting that #hacktoberfest T-Shirt, and you're not comfortable wit…
The media needs to stop bringing up how past Administrations have handled situations like the health of the President. This current administration will go down in history as the most non-transparent, lawless, deceitful, and deceptive for whom all norms flew out the window.
RT It did not have to be this way.
RT Biden is pitch perfect right now. He’s making this not about Trump’s condition, but about why this reminds us that we need a l…
They say he'll work from the hospital....
"Was it because he didn't take precautions and ignored and decried all science-proven ways to protect against COVID-19?"
Wear a mask. Social distance. Wash your hands. Sounds like a good plan for the American people, and easily could have been said in March.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Galactic Glamour Shot -
Get your vote in for October's *All-Star* episode of #devopspartygames!
And wear a damn mask!
RT The country deserves to know exactly what is happening, and that requires transparency.
Looks like they all knew they had it or were exposed and still did the fundraiser anyways.
I grew up with, and still know people with, this attitude. It's deplorable.
This is pure voter suppression.
Narrator: She was, in fact, a racist, a bigot, and an all around horrible person.
Happening in just a few minutes! #DevOpsPartyGames - #devopsdaysBUF and #DevOpsDaysBos edition
Such a good time! Thank you to the participants!
RT 👏 more applause is due for oh &amp; sweet microphone! #devopsdaysbuf
OH: "My days of not taking you seriously are coming to a definite miffle"
With right around the corner, there are two important links for you in planning to view the largest #opensource conference on the US East Coast: Registration: Speaker list (updating continually):
Check out what we're doing at CircleCI for #Hacktoberfest and then get involved with our #orbtoberfest
RT we always say that people are what makes the what it is. as evidence, let us present as exh…
Missing physical #monktoberfest, and feeling all emotional right now hanging virtually with the crew and friends... It's the only conference I have cried at, and every moment was amazing. #Monktoberfest2021 is going to be amazing.
Glorious. Just glorious.
RT We're opening for early-access to help developers overcome the developer experience gap. Pilot results: * 10…
Today's Image of the Day: Satellite Captures Active Fires in the Western U.S. -
Tell me again how Trump and his Administration aren't racist and law enforcement isn't systemically racist at its core.... I'll wait.
Unless you're playing high end games, and why would you on a Pixel when you could just spend a bit more for a OnePlus 8 Pro, why does it matter? You won't need it and your eye won't notice a difference.
Well, then and I can just commiserate on amazing lacrosse videos together
Once a sleazy reality tv show failure always a sleazy reality tv show failure
But lacrosse is ok, right?
RT This woman is a national treasure.
And that was just trying to find an associate to help
I can't recall... Was this the tweet where we would know your phone had been compromised?
RT Want to vote for your favorite #DevOpsPartyGames players to return in the October "All-Star" episode? You can do it here!…
RT Report Fewer Metrics I saw a recent community report which was filled with metrics. Believe me, no-one will be impresse…
He knows what's up.
RT That debate was the worst thing I've ever seen &amp; I was in The Star Wars Holiday Special.
RT The nerve of people who ask “how are you going to pay for it?” whenever we propose building advanced public education, healthcare,…
While I agree Mr. Lieu, it didn't help in 2016 so why do you think it will help in 2020?
RT if we can't be at the this is the next best thing. join us tomorrow!
Well, since they couldn't learn their lesson from 2016-2020 PRIOR to the first debate, let's hope they make the right changes going forward.
Yay!
Today's Image of the Day: Retroreflectors: From Apollo to Mars -
Agreed. While I wish that we got more value for our taxes (healthcare, school, etc), paying taxes are important.
. 'Almost every single thing Trump said during last segment of debate was inaccurate' #TrumpMeltdown #BidenHarris2020 #Debates2020
RT I don’t have anything to say except vote. Vote like your life depends on it. Because the future of our republic does.
RT Somehow Trump is getting 3rd place in this 2 person debate. #Debates2020 #debates
RT 'Stand back': to take a few steps backwards 'Stand by': to be or to get ready to act #Debates2020
RT An interesting theory of why Trump doesn’t denounce white supremacy is he a racist pig and nobody with any sense of decenc…
Congrats!!!!
The sad and deplorable part is that this won't make a difference with his followers.
RT Donald Trump said he's done more for African Americans than any president. Historians disagree #De…
RT Trump says children are not vulnerable to COVID-19. They are less likely to show symptoms, but they can still transmit the…
RT Donald Trump says Joe Biden was a disaster in his handling of the H1N1 flu. Mostly False. Biden wasn't in charge, and polls…
It won’t matter. Don’t use vim
OH: You can’t get corned beef hash in Austin
Because nano.
Gotta say this is the best #devopspartygames prompt so far
Tonight’s #devopspartygames has kicked off! Join us at
I keep alternating between "Oooh BURN!" and *snort laughing*
RT The Los Angeles Times is taking an unflinching look at its history, as institutions across America reflect on racial inequalit…
Oh yeah... So could go a lot of places with this...
Spot on.
428 - Standard English usage "Standard English" is usually the most widely accepted &amp; understood within an English-speaking country... but have you ever been to Boston, Chicago, Memphis, New York, &amp; Dallas? Let me tell you.... there's _nothing_ standard about English in America.
What's a "booth line"?
RT Channel 4 in Britain is now distributing its film which shows, in detail, how Donald Trump and Russian intelligence worked…
Twitch.
While I chose "notes", I will say that for the first few times I am very heavy on those notes until I'm really familiar with my content
Daniel is the best at fact checking in near-realtime, regardless of Party.
RT Your final clue for tonight's #DevOpsPartyGames SECRET MYSTERY GUEST is...they're a better shitposter than Corey Quinn.…
This is awesome! Congratulations!
I remember watching this episode... And can still feel the ending in my bones. Thanks for reminding me!
Complete with DevOpsTutu
So for #NationalCoffeeDay2020 I submit that every day is Coffee Day. Now go support your local roaster or coffee shop (NOT Charbucks, Dunkin, McCafe, etc)!
I'm sure Macromedia will have something to say to that
RT quick little post about a technique that might be helpful if you're need a tool in your toolbox for when you are feeling…
It'll get there in the next 3-6 months
This wins Taylor. Flat out wins.
This checks out - no alcohol was spilled
Congrats to my SaltStack friends and !!!
Also commonly confused as the "Dance of Transformation"
2020 is really outdoing itself, as I've now liked _and_ retweeted TWO tweets from Ann Coulter since the pandemic started... Coincidence? Also - she's 100% right.
As performed by the Gateway PC technician... nice one!
So _THAT's_ what Cardi B is saying! "MOP!"
TIL there's a dance called "the devops"... type "devops dance" in the GIF bar and reply with one that illustrates the "devops dance"
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Serena M. Auñón-Chancellor Examines Her Eyes in Space -
😂😆🤣🎉🤔
RT this official response to Trump’s demand that Biden take a drug test is sending me
RT Nothing says tough guy alpha male like a man who spends 70 grand on his hair.
That idea is gold
Correct.
Oh the debate is tomorrow night? Hmm....
RT What does “Christian” even mean?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Seems they settled for one of those
CONGRATS!
RT Of course, we did not need a NYTimes investigation (plus I presume some whistleblower) to find tax returns for Biden, Harr…
RT Today's clue for our #DevOpsPartyGames guest is ... they are playing as a team! Find out who the secret guest is TOMORRO…
Today's Image of the Day: Soyuz MS-16 Spacecraft Docked to the Space Station -
Hey look - we now have a twitter account for #DevOpsPartGames... All the more reason to view Episode 4 tomorrow at 8P US CT!!!
RT Is it just me, or does the federal government now look like a Trump business? Struggling for direction under the impuls…
The team at are doing an amazing job, and are creating for #DevRel orgs a single-pane-of-glass to their community. Check them out if you haven't already, and if you want a walkthrough let me know.
$1bn+ in debt coming due in the next few years. If you owe this much &amp; are in a position of power, you are guaranteed to have your short hairs at the bidding of whomever owns the notes on those debts. That's a national security risk, and why he won't release his taxes. He knows.
RT Here’s how much President Trump paid in federal income tax in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014: 💲…
RT For a large portion of our past, the was an institution deeply rooted in white supremacy. It’s important, in this s…
Just wait until you blink and then you're teaching them to parallel park
Still hits the same?
RT RT if you pay more in taxes than President Trump.
RT Federal income taxes paid in 2017 (jointly with spouse): Joe Biden - $3,742,974 Kamala Harris - $516,469 Bernie Sanders -…
RT Stop everything please, I need an answer to this:
/subscribe
RT Our March #DevOps KC Meetup is next Tuesday, Mar 26!! We will have Dylan Evans from who'll be speaking on "Se…
RT 👩‍💻Are you an engineer in Paris for #Kubecon this week? 🍷Do you like wine and cheese? 🤓 Want to nerd out on all of the…
Fuckin’ A.
Either that or she recently watched the classic Snow White
Wow, she's skipping all the foreplay
All of them. Each day.
See you Tuesday friend.
Drinks you say....? Oh right!
GOOOOOAL!!! Diallo with the ET winner!! Amazing from (assist) and Amad at the end. Unbelievable #FACup Quarterfinal
It's also the only surefire way to find out if anyone _actually_ is using the service. Ask me how I know. 🤣😂
Wow. That is a good view!!
Yeah again, not uncommon. Some conferences have had ~2k+ from ~500 submitters. It happens, not something to dive into as something wildly out of the norm
RT Everyone has the right to be who they are, who they feel they are, who they want to be. No matter where people are in their…
Nah, not uncommon for speakers to submit 2 talks or more
RT Emails around our CFP for #devopsdaysKC have gone out with some fantastic talks that both got accepted and others that di…
Surprisingly it wasn't. But I follow your reasoning
I will be - fly out from #SCaLE21x at 6p today!
Can confirm, these are literally life-changing
RT IF YOU ARE IN PENNSYLVANIA. You need BOTH envelopes. Put your ballot in BOTH FUCKING ENVELOPES. #BFE
RT #DevRel teams: If you have a task board/kanban board for your team, do you implement a WIP limit? And if so... how do you c…
The year you turned 10 in the GIF bar
RT Every single hour in South Carolina, Lindsey Graham is being violently out-fundraised. But you can help stop the suff…
❤️
RT 1. I was among those who received an e-mail this morning from the former Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court, Charl…
RT A woman worked for three years for the firm that represented Nixon, Kushner, and Ivanka, then became a professor...goes st…
My wife's a nurse. This holds up.
RT The Senate shouldn't vote until the American people do.
All the while proclaiming their support for religious liberty.
RT The We need to fight against Sharia law in the US! Also the Let's appoint a religious fundamentalist who has sta…
I'll watch all of the Riddick movies whenever they're on, and the Transformer movies are classic
Fantastic movie.
It's gonna be a great episode. Glad to have all of you as part of it!
I'd be careful tonight, more so than normal
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Shoots the Moon -
RT Registration is now open for Hacktoberfest 2020! This is a great opportunity to contribute to open-source, level up y…
RT Interested in joining the Community Pulse hosts with special guests and Rahmona Henry to talk events in a…
The clack of a good keyboard should never be able to be escaped
I'm envisioning the swag right now
Only question would be at what level? 😁
OH: "I'm an internet evangelist"
RT Have you ever wondered what is in your CircleCI config file? wonders that as well! So join her at 10a PT TODAY o…
RT Perhaps it’s the CEO of Wells Fargo who lacks the talent to recruit Black workers.
And to base it on old portraits? WTF? Those portraits were almost always intended to make the subject _look_ better, to hide some flaw. Using them as the basis of AI/ML means you're starting from a basis of a lie. So, this checks out.
I'm so impatient
I love (i.e. I hate it) how routes work... a package is literally around the block from my house and won't be delivered for 4-8hrs from now. Meanwhile the driver will go miles away from me and back in that time. It's like this _every_ time.
Matt... I'm your co-host.
RT This is exactly the kind of work we're talking about when we talk about neo-phrenology. This isn't "science" or the "deep…
Arnold doing the right thing.
RT I just heard a former Facebook executive confess that Facebook may be responsible for what ends up as a civil war. From what…
The hotel I stayed at in Berlin last year had one. So nostalgic that I actually bought a pack.
RT The Senate GOP suddenly found the energy to fill a SCOTUS vacancy, but are still delaying a covid relief bill that woul…
RT We're LIVE in 15min (1p PT) on to talk about #hacktoberfest, #opensource, and our very own #orbtoberf…
RT The destruction of Alderaan affects virtually nobody -- it's an amazing thing.
I love that you're passionate about this, and you've mentioned it a few times. So let me turn that around and ask this... What would a clear and well defined path for interns or apprentices in DevRel look like to you?
RT Refusing to peacefully transition power to a leader elected by the people. Urging states to “get rid of” ballots and silence v…
Same. Just unfollow me now.
Is it the apocalypse?
Yeah usually they want you to communicate with them, and have less interest in doing the same
RT Foreign actors &amp; cybercriminals likely to spread disinfo on 2020 election results, per They could create new w…
RT #Hacktoberfest is here! This month's Open Circle Session will be focused on this great #opensource event put on by
New post on #DevRel - How Indeed more than doubled Hacktoberfest participation year over year via
It's cooooming... Episode 4 of #devopspartygames
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Has Eyes on the Universe -
This is all you!
That's awesome! You're continuing to grow and this is just so awesome to see! Congrats!
RT Zero officers were charged for killing #BreonnaTaylor
Bodies tend to tie a room together, but also can stink up the place... So ¯\(°_o)/¯
RT If your actions maintain a racist system, you are a racist. Saying it's a pipeline problem in an attempt to absolve yoursel…
RT #SayHerName #JusticeforBreonnaTalyor
RT Breonna Taylor should be alive today. This decision is a disgrace. We need accountability for the officers who killed Breo…
RT The National Medical Association-founded by Black physicians in 1895 because they were barred from the
A beautiful telling of Reece's life. Thank you for sharing. May he rest in peace.
Someone's getting all edgy with the new job 😆
At this point... if you see her again, just join her crusade.
RT I'm so stoked to announce a #DevRel Salary Survey courtesy of the admins 📊 It's been a long time coming, but wi…
Metrics for the sake of metrics are no metrics at all
And if you can't make it, go ahead and sign-up so you can get access to the video afterwards!
Today's Image of the Day: Cyclones of Color at Jupiter’s North Pole -
RT If you need a helpful reminder to tune in to #devopspartygames next week, I added a handy "add to calendar" button on the…
RT 1-22 "We have it under control” 3-22 414 US Dead "gonna be a victory..sooner than originally expected" 4-22 47k 5-22…
RT #Hacktoberfest is here! This month's Open Circle Session will be focused on this great #opensource event put on by
RT The Community Leadership Summit is going online as part of All Things Open on Mon 19th Oct 2020. This will be a collection…
Need is never part of this particular decision
Pick one up
Someone needs to hear this. Today is Wednesday, and you're amazing!
Two weeks. Just a few weeks. A terrific plan.
RT Good lord! The MAGA rally that started in a parking lot of a mall in the suburbs and ended with a caravan to Portland tha…
It's such a nice fitting shirt... Feels really good, and the hat is my favourite one now
RT Fun fact: a blue whale’s anus can stretch to approximately 3 and a half feet, making it the second largest asshole on t…
Alice (back) and Biscuit.
Yes.
Hypocrisy is not the sole leading trait in one party more than another, but the Senate GOP just keeps tipping the scales.
With all due respect, I feel strongly that you misspelled a word there.
Some amazing wizardry right there
RT My husband John lived by a code: country first. We are Republicans, yes, but Americans foremost. There's only one candidat…
RT PENNSYLVANIANS!!! PAY ATTENTION! if you’re voting by mail put the ballot into the “secrecy envelope,” then put THAT into th…
I'm just waiting for you to give him the People's Elbow and then finish him with a Crippler Crossface. I'd even take a Stone Cold Stunner if I had to.
Right?
Interesting take on burnout and perspectives on where it comes from... I think I'm going to have to get this book.
Need moar carbonated wine
FASCINATING! This new #opensource tool looks amazing and highly needed in this day and age. ----- Mozilla Foundation - A New Open-Source Tool for Tracking Disinformation
Yeah it's how I've always called it...
RT Make sure to register for our State of Open Source panel tomorrow, even if you can't make it. We’ll send the webinar slides a…
Ouch... This hurts.
Let's hope that's true... The whole lot need to go.
RT Under no circumstances should a nomination go forward in the United States Senate. Our full statement:
Today's Image of the Day: Ellen Ochoa Shakes Hands with First Humanoid Robot to Head to Station -
RT Your vote has never mattered more than it does right now. Today is National Voter Registration Day. Go to
RT How strongly you feel about an issue is not itself a measure of the strength of your argument.
RT dear do you have an explainer on "things you'll need when fleeing america" or anything like that? asking fo…
It's the Tea Party that got us to where we are now
*something* *something* pfffft
RT Honest question. Who looks at 2020 and says, “I want to vote for four more years of whatever this is”
RT I mean, even in the Before Times and in-person events, this was a good idea. Now it’s practically a requirement.
RT Or when their pre-recorded session will be played. Please!!
RT Ensure you set the correct time zone for the invite too please
This is my America.
This tracks....
Wow congrats!
RT What Trump calls "patriotic education" is racist education.
Oh my... This is a thing? I want one. Stat.
RT In the 70s I wrote a piece for MS. magazine on why men should support the ERA. A law professor fact-checked it and said, “Who…
Wow. This story. Unbelievable that in the early days of a pandemic, a sitting President and his Administration BLOCKS an effort to provide everyone in the United States with the means necessary to head the pandemic off at the beginning, before 200k people died... #TrumpPlague
Conference organizers in a virtual world: send your speakers a calendar invite so the time gets blocked out on their calendar for when they're supposed to speak.
#RIPRBG
Let's hold them to their word! We wouldn't want people thinking they're hypocrites would we?
RT With Catherine O'Hara, Eugene Levy, Dan Levy and Annie Murphy winning their #Emmys tonight, that means our little Canadia…
And it continues.. "I'm so proud to be part of a show that stands for love, and kindness, and inclusivity, and acceptance because those 4 things are what we need more than ever right now." This is probably why I love so much... #Emmys
I have never gotten emotional while watching an awards show... until now. Watching and win (I'm watching via DVR) for on the Emmy's... I'm emotional.
Once again the Onion reports the news
Wait... So my access card to the Antifa office building is a fake? What the....
RT Wild idea. lets the poster determine the cropping. ‘Cause y’all need to throw that code in the trash.
I've driven a manual for all but one of my car's the last 25 years... I would so be interested in an electric offering.
Yup. Trump and Ellison are buds.
RT I’m Joe Biden and I approve this message.
Promise?
In all fairness, most prisons have visitation times and I'm sure that OANN will take his phone call
I think I'm doing this right... #AnimalCrossing #ACNH #NintendoSwitch
Cleaning up! Well done!
Hi, Aydrian, it's me Jeremy. We've met. You've seen me. 😂😜
Mourinho has one less thing to moan about... Until next week
"caffeinated shaving cream".... I'd hate to see what the decaffeinated would do
RT NBC News: The United States has surpassed 200,000 coronavirus deaths.
You can use emojis for those lists?
RT Thread by Those of you waking up this morning to a war for the soul of the American judiciary have not been payi…
Thanks ... Until a few days ago I had no idea you could pin lists in the native Twitter app and then they would appear as swipeable timelines
RT Why hasn’t every single major newspaper in the country called on the President to resign?
Kickass dude! That's amazing.
Hmm... That's very weird as it hasn't been my experience in the mountains without data.
Lol no seriously, GPS does work without data. If you have downloaded your Google Map area it will still show you where you are inside Google Maps.
It does work...
Woodward refuses to go after players async... Instead he goes one position at a time, which puts us behind teams like Chelsea who went out early and were decisive.
I'm not worried about Ole... He's had to deal with poor transfer strategy before him, and doing the best he can with current players.... Which is illustrated by Lindelof's contribution to all 3 goals.
Before you know it, will be here, and it is VIRTUAL and FREE!! Learn from 140+ of the top leaders and voices in #OpenSource for free! Join 10,000+ from around the world over 2 days by registering today!
Let's go #ManUtd !
RT Thank you, #RBG
RT Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fought to the end, through her cancer, with unwavering faith in our democracy and its ideals.…
RT This is the scene at the Supreme Court tonight after the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Thousands of people are gathe…
When you figure it out let me know 🤔🙄😟
RT I am heartbroken. I am also full of rage. Lots of you are probably in the same place. Choose the rage. You're going to…
RT “Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.” RGB
What a vile man. Already stolen 2 seats, and set to steal a third
RT as tough as she was brilliant, which is saying something. what a terrible loss. my heart is broken for her family, and for…
Size.
RT Watching Biden and CNN and Trump on twitter, I can see why Trump gets confused and thinks Biden is already president.
This should be an interesting read for all those currently in, or interested in, #DevRel. Go get it and support a good guy!
That being said - I'm done (for now)... =)
I'll take 'em. I've finally reached a save point and taking a break.
Yeah - wishful thinking right?
And I have finally reached a save point. Whew. I think I'm going to enjoy this... and I promise not to document _everything_ else.
49,500 Bells are worth 5,000 miles. Sounds about right in the Delta mileage converter.
And of course, since I don't have any Bells, Tom's going to take my Delta airline miles as payment. Jokes on him - they're USELESS!
Tom jokes about "removing most of the features" to make the phone easier to use... Seems Apple/Samsung could learn something here. And of course after doing all of the work for Tom, he hands me an itemized bill... Seems spoiler has come true... I'm a serf.
And I have a "NookPhone"... Barnes &amp; Noble could only HOPE to have this amount of product placement!
And of course it's Tom waking me up wanting to come into my tent. Great.
You're not the first person to tell me this in general.
I'm finally asleep - and a creepy dog is talking to me and playing the guitar. Seems right. Must be the commune's bard. Now he's telling me I need to make friends. So, if you know me, let's be friends in the virtual virtual world.
Oh good - it's my tent. Fantastic. And he's left me some "gifts" to use. This is tiring.
Tom's suggesting I should go sleep in his tent and gives me my own camping cot... Let me guess - it sleeps 2. And he's waiting for me to invite him to cuddle.
And now Buck is telling me that sitting around a campfire with pear juice means we're family and I can call him "Bro"... I'm anticipating I'm going to have to battle him back at night when he gets scared in his tent. This tracks.
Oh great... we're all doing a toast with this pear "juice" and I get the credit. Yay.
Ooooh... I got a fancy title "Resident Representative of Tom Sux" I feel like I've regressed
Oh look at that... Tom's "letting" us pick the name of the island that "we" built. He really is a benevolent asshat, isn't he? I did in fact write "Tom Sux" but it wouldn't let me finish the rest... And just like that, he's "relying" on me to make the critical decisions. Yep.
it's fine... I'll get over it. It's good we're all learning.
These festivities blow... And Tom tells "us" that "he" has built such a great community (you can't have a community without "commun[e]" I guess) from scratch... and it'll test his business acumen... Sounds like some project meetings I've been to...
you mean I was supposed to immediately stop reading what the rest of the wall of text said? Just because you had "(spoiler alert)" there? At least next time add a CRLF so I know to stop speed reading... sheesh 🤣😂
Well, whaddya know... Project Manager Tom _CAN_ do actual work... he rubbed some sticks together (at least I think he did - his back was to us so for all I know he dropped lighter fluid on them and lit them) and "the festivities have begun"... I'm waiting for the festivities...
I most definitely _did_ pick more pears than I needed for Tom's commune potluck, and made sure to take all extra tree branches and pears from outside Dierdre's tent. Not like she's doing any work.
Oh.... I just noticed I can type words at Tom. I have definitely told him how I feel about him.
And as mentioned... I am now collecting the fruit, which project manager Tom has identified as pears... after eating them... and not collecting them... couldn't be assed evidently.
Now I have am COLLECTING THE FRACKING PEARS? SIX OF THEM??? This fat ass trash panda couldn't have grabbed them when he WAS TASTING THEM TO FIND OUT THEY WERE IN FACT PEARS? Definitely a project manager.
Wait... Project Manager Tom (who's made me do all the work so far) just said _he'll_ be sharing the island with me as well? Why do I feel like I stumbled into a game preparing me for joining a commune?
Yeah... picking the branches? WTF? He seems like a normal project manager - making everyone else do the work.
And then I have to do the work for them in picking their spot? They're going to be high maintenance aren't they....
After picking the island - I have to share it with Dierdre and Buck? Not a fan of sharing an island in a game
Oh... fancy!
Now I'm creating a "portrait" of myself... And then choosing a home... Any pointers here?
I'm `jerdog`....
You are not my "partners"... And the "long haul?" Not sure I like where this is heading
I'm already a bit pissed at "Timmy" and "Tommy"... WTF? You're flying to the island with me? What did I sign up for?
Alright - so I now have Animal Crossing... my weekend is screwed isn't it...
DevRel at the Foundation #devrel #community
RT Pres Trump claims the 1619 project distorts and "rewrites" American history. He says the project wrongly says America was foun…
Yes... that's the emotion they were expressing. My favorite was you and Swarna's disbelief when I called ahead of time that security would pull my bag with stickers, claim it was rocks, and then argue with me that it was stickers. It was stickers.
Ahh yes... was getting annoyed at someone who was half buzzed/half hungover still and wouldn't stop singing... One of the greatest times I have ever had in an airport.
At brunch, on a plane, everywhere!!
RT #Hacktoberfest is here! This month's Open Circle Session will be focused on this great #opensource event put on by
Been happening for a long time 😟
So true.. I've been called a "commie liberal", "a bleeding heart liberal" (still unsure why "bleeding heart" is a bad thing?), and variations of both the last few years.
The UPS "Follow my Package" is simultaneously the best _and_ worst thing ever
As a true Irishman would.
And guarantee the same dude with "we just need the government to help protect our $2bn in properties" doesn't believe in socialism. What a fuckwit.
Yeah, no matter where Kubecon EU is next year I'm gonna have to join the train too.
RT If it isn't in writing or on a recording, it doesn't exist and it didn't happen. When you realize that things ain't righ…
Yessss!
I'm a sad
OH: His drinking is making me go to the bathroom
OH: I don't do pipes. In all the things
OH: Not with a ten foot pole
OH: I don't really like that small tip thing
RT It’s not often misses an opportunity for picking analogies Calling kubernetes an f-35 when it actually runs on an…
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
And they do one of those things well
Holy shit that whole thread is dripping with misogyny
Excited for talk at #DevOpsDaysLA / #SCaLE21x, "How I Met Your Deployment Plan" with "How I Met Your Mother" theming 🎉🔥😄👏🙌
Yeah, that pretty much was why I waited so long for the most part
RT ...painful when folks don't report security issues in line with project expectations
RT My partner in crime, Could not have made happen without her.
Because I'll do just about anything or tell me to, I bought some for my Keurig. Tbh, for a coffee snob, it's not bad! I was hoping for more fruity notes in the Ethiopian, but it's a Keurig - not gonna happen. It's a good cup though.
RT My mother was born in 1929, so she and this last slave ship survivor, originally from Benin and enslaved in Alabama, whose…
Uh have you ever _read_ the magazine? One of the earliest covers I can find is political from 1987... But from the early days in 19i4 I remember it being political, because tech is political. Maybe you never noticed because it aligned with your political leanings and idealogies?
I say goodnight and leave you with this...
Definitely going to have to add this to my queue... I still remember watching it all unfold on TV that morning.
I feel you. Trombone (youngest boy), flute and bassoon (daughter) in this household. Luckily only 2 of those can be played at any one time.
You're welcome.
Cannot wait for Whataburger to come to Kansas City
Loud, slow clap. Have watched this a few times, and it is brilliant.
RT this is the guy Trump wants to debate more than three times lol
You mean properly prepare and cognitively interact with people?
It's the literal difference between voice quality on Sprint (LD and PCS) and everyone else.
This is not a good thing, not a good thing at all. Patriotism is one thing, but "patriotic education" is another and is half a goose step from the Hitler Youth. Hard no on this one, but guaranteed more sh%t like this if he is re-elected.
RT Thank you for honoring our brand visionary. He’s already requested the business cards.
RT This year's Adweek #BrandGenius Brand Visionary honoree accepts his award at #Brandweek following his talk abo…
RT If you take out the countries run by authoritarian men who don’t follow the science, the world is at a much lower level with…
Knowing how tall your mom is, I'm going with 5'8" or 5'10"
It's always DNS...
Because I didn't _already_ have enough domains, I just purchased a new one:
Today's Image of the Day: A New View of Jupiter's Storms -
Two free events for the price of two FREE events? Yes please!!!
Kinda like people being shocked that RATM was political.....
From my youth when 2600 started I perceived it as political... How anyone could not just blows my mind.
Ahh makes sense... I am on TMobile right now (family plan) and it would be more expensive to switch all of us to Fi, but I am planning to. I have a OnePlus 7T and will only by dual-sim phones.
Took them long enough...
But you could be.... 😆
Caputo lived in Russia for 6 years, working first for the Kremlin and then Gazprom, before "Trump" installed him as a spokesperson for HHS to provide disinformation on COVID-19.
Yeah should have been happening a lot these past few years. Is the Sergeant-at-Arms able to detain someone that isn't in the Capitol building?
Book is a great idea. I also have a dual SIM which I just keep with a UK SIM for travel, but now you got me thinking about Mint for a backup.
I am not ok with this.
In all fairness that's really common. This is what I recommend (assuming you have the newer MBA).
Yeah it's me... And I have used ProCase for years and been really happy!
Good to know that irony isn't dead #BarrMustGo
Bold move, and a great thread
It's funny, because it's true.
No one keeps Matty in a corner. He's dynamic like that.
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Image Shows Fires, Hurricanes Across the U.S. -
RT Asking for help is not a sign of weakness.
If only and really cared about truth, they would make the labels bigger and disable sharing of the blatant lies. All they've done is put a sticky note on the fridge that Grandpa is sharing chain letters again instead of actually doing something.
What's stopping you from coding like this?
RT "Storytelling is such a core part of Developer Relations, and a Podcast is a great medium for that story" ~
“As a developer-focused company, we’ve kept the wants &amp; needs of developers as our north star these past nine years... As long as we focus on the needs of the user, ultimately we’re going to be in good shape." So glad to be a part of this awesome company!
RT Over the last few months, I've learned a thing or two from the young people in our country. I figured I would return the f…
"Taco Bell is selling its own custom wine" is so 2020
RT Damn you don't have to drag somebody's baby like that
This is beyond sad. This is abhorrent and a picture of Trump's America. We are better and bigger than this. Vote.
This simultaneously makes me angry and brings me to tears with sadness.
And I present to you... Taco Bell Wine. The epitome of 2020.
Bosch is really good, especially if you've read the books. The Expanse if you're into good, intelligent Sci Fi. Hanna (2 seasons so far) is pretty good as well.
Oh yes you are.
Fine. Ok.
What's the difference between Animal Crossing and New Horizons? Which do I want?
Ugh...
Powerful, and spot on.
Fantastic show... She plays a very superficial character, so maybe a bit of self-reflection?
Matt. We spent time together just last week. How quickly you forget.
A hot Italian is amazing!
Now I have to buy a Switch, but still can't find them anywhere
RT To be clear: I am not currently president. But if you chip in now, we can change that in November:
I think he's actually asking a good faith question, because he literally doesn't know what the word means.
Trump's obviously having an out of body experience
RT Influencer marketing can be a good hack for a new product launch but a big NO for a community launch. Trust me, you won…
RT Why did the president knowingly mislead America about the coronavirus threat?
RT I’m personally very excited for TikTok™ Enterprise℠ Pro®.
Happy Anniversary!!!
RT 81 days since reports of Russian bounties on our troops. 81 days where Trump has proven his loyalty to Putin over American l…
RT Monorepos are a consistent conversation piece, and today at 2p ET our very own will be discussing #monorepos and ho…
You were a late bloomer. We all know it.
THIS IS THE WAY!
You were barely old enough to walk
Today's Image of the Day: Frank Rubio: From Pilot to Doctor to Astronaut -
Geez... 25 years.
Yacht parties are just begging to be crashed
Oh hell yes I'm in too.
RT Involuntary sterilization is one of the five prohibited genocidal acts. Another is the separation of children from their paren…
Waiting...
Repeat after me.... Loud enough for the people in the back... "Trump. Does. Not. Support. The. Troops." ---------- "Trump ad asks people to support the troops. But it uses a picture of Russian jets" via
Used to love the rear facing seats in our early 80s Caprice Classic growing up... Stare at the people tailgating and make faces...
That is also perfectly you!
Dang right! That car rocked...
You had long hair...
Oh yeah... This is perfect.
RT Sports have never been non-political, and they became especially political in the aftermath of 9/11. You just liked the me…
Nice! My parent's recently sent me that pic that they had taken and scanned for me... Along with some nerdy pics of me in high school. Thanks mom.
I'm going to be buying my son his first car (once he gets his full license) &amp; was reminiscing with some friends about my first car. It was a 1972 Olds Delta 88, sky blue with a white top, and a 455 V8 that purred like a kitten. What was your first car? (actual vehicle in pic)
RT Mitch McConnell’s legislative graveyard: Trillions in coronavirus relief: 121 days Expanding voting rights: 281 days…
I just can't with these idiots anymore that endanger their fellow citizens, or the asshats who enable them.
Yeah that's been the answer since the beginning - was hoping it would have changed.
RT . DOES NOT want to defund the police. Please retweet this to help beat back the big lie.
It was awesome having you on the last episode!
It's been awhile.... Any Android support yet?
I've gotten so used to Twitter's way of showing me Top Tweets that I am not sure I can get used to an actual timeline with Tweetdeck.... 😆
It's a conspiracy. I'd quiz your mice...
Same - got mine over the weekend
Mystery Guest on #devopspartygames? Why would you _not_ want to come watch!
I've never sued anybody, but if you're not following me then I shall sue you for tortious interference. Them's the rules. I don't make them.
Today's Image of the Day: She's Back: Kate Rubins Set to Return to Space Station -
Frost the tips. It's 2020. What could go wrong?
What is this "neatly folded" and "wrong side" that you speak of?
RT Jedi Master Yoda can't run from his disastrous record responding to Order 66. Hurts, the truth does, Yoda!
Yeah, it's called "responsibility for asshatery"
RT hello Twitterverse🐦 looking for Canadians who work on open source projects, as a maintainer or a contributor, who would be will…
Right?
President McKinley must answer for his poor handling of the War of 1812.
RT so tiring to have yet another "is it cool to invite misogynists and racists to keynote your conference y/n" discourse in 2020
RT ✊🏾✊🏾 Something new in the rebellion of players in the NFL: After the kickoff, all the players on both the Seahawks and…
Sasha is soooo awesome!
Thank you for sharing your son. Much love to you and yours today.
Thanks for your dialogue. This person has aired their misconducts themselves, and with great fanfare and self-aggrandizing. They haven't needed me or others to do so. I'm choosing to let people know why they might see that I have unfollowed them.
Upvoted and subscribed to such quality content
Yep. I can also choose what shows up in my feed. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
RT So, Ronna McDaniel tells us that we have 25% of the worlds COVID deaths because we do more testing. Ye…
So clear I typo'ed so many times...
Pumpkin pie is awesome. Now throw that in the ground, stomp on it, let the neighborhood canines and felines do the same, then let it dry and grind it up and out it in a latte. 🤮
RT Excellent work by Cutting through lies and disinformation to convey the facts to the American public—about how…
Ahh, the old innocent days of Twitter. However, in today's Twitter, the algorithm takes your followers and pops your likes to them (which are endorsements), and then suggests to them who they should follow based on who you follow. All of that is based around endorsements.
I tend to agree on public shaming, but when the person in question makes no qualms about their beliefs and makes disagreeable statements, it's entirely in someone's rights to take a stand and not choose to follow someone or their followers. That's what I'm doing.
Hey Tessa - he has a long history of troubling misogyny and discrimination and elitism in coding ( Also this has a decent rundown of his views which are problematic ( And then his recent blogpost about conference organizers...
Secondly, in his long history there are multiple examples of statements he has made against women and URMs in how to get into programming, as well as views on discrimination and sexism that are archaic and patriarchal at best. Here's an old article -
Thanks for your reply. First off, "cancel culture" is actually about holding people responsible for the things they say/do. Does it have its issues? Certainly. But if you look, you'll notice that those decrying cancel culture have been held accountable and they don't like it.
Wow! That looks amazing!
Yeah not sure I've tried to pin a list before.
If you're one of the 74 people I follow who still follows this misogynistic, racist a-hole, including some companies, I will be unfollowing you soon.
Didn't turn out so well with Racist McKobach either
RT . Bro, while Trump is in office there is NOTHING you could possibly do to embarrass yourself. See... silver lin…
RT On Monday I will break my silence in an interview with NBC’s Lester Holt. I hope you are able to tune in.
Great breakdown thread of new indictment against Russians targeting US elections
RT Think of how many times section 4 of the 25th amendment could have and should have been invoked by a vice president, cabine…
Groundbreaking tweet
As #chaoscamping comes to an end, I just want to say it was awesome getting away from "life" for a bit and hanging with - I couldn't have asked for a better camping buddy.
RT This is the **exact same day** Trump admitted to downplaying the Coronavirus to Bob Woodward.
RT Most people don't remember that Order 65 was destroying the postal system and removing all of the mailboxes.
Last question in this thread is important..
RT Today we remember the lives we lost on 9/11. Even the smallest act of service is a way to honor them. And just like Jay Wi…
He KNEW. And did the only thing he knows how to do... Lie and run something into bankruptcy. The GOP has allowed this and is just as culpable. Vote them out down the line. All of them. (Thread)
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Stows a Pocketful of Stars -
I wasn't sure if it was the moment, or if it was because the Texans stayed in the locker room. Either way... Uber classy
RT Opened the season with a WIN! #Kickoff2020 | #ChiefsKingdom
I gave up a long time ago...
McConnell knew it wouldn't pass... This was a stunt... And only provided real support for the 1%.. again.
RT Trump's new defense, summed up: "Bob Woodward should have stopped me before I killed again. So the murders I committed…
RT So, put out their 2020 Open Source #Security Report. Thrilled to bring onto #ConversationsWithBaco…
RT CLIMATE CRISIS IS GREATEST THREAT TO PLANET, UN REPORT SAYS: UN Sec. Gen Antonio Guterres and World Meteorological Organiz…
(Cricket) Field of Dreams
tl;dr WEAR A MASK!!!
RT Whatever the opinion, it is NEVER the child’s fault.
Today's Image of the Day: Be a NASA Flight Director -
This is too real.... Also wins the Internet today.
But yet they're raking in the $ because of everyone working remotely... What a knob
RT Good news everybody: Mexico is gonna pay for the vaccine
RT If the Rebels win the next election they will kill all of the Jedi, build a Death Star and blow up Alderaan. You won't be…
. is good people!
Yes, this is actually the only approved way to wash cast iron
You'd like to think so, wouldn't you?
But your fine lines and wrinkles....
You don't wash cast iron with soap
#soon
This should end his term. Immediately. Clinton was impeached for lying to the American people about getting a BJ for crying out loud... No one died. This guy lies about the dangers of a pandemic that would claim 200k+ lives and the Senate GOP is nowhere to be found.
Oh I'd do this. No doubt about it.
We still have tomorrow.....
Get the steak ready to marinate the night before you leave, pack it in ice in the cooler, and then pick up your food near the campsite and bags of ice, and then cook it the first full day so it's still fresh and not going to kill you. Probably.
Next year.....
A nice cooler with daily refilled ice works nicely!
We also would have had to dig out from 10in of snow that pummeled the area we were going.
So that doesn't think we are fully cheating at #chaoscamping with Dutch oven cooking, I present you with our Apple cobbler on the coals
Firepit is a bit misshapen to cool over it. So we use propane.
While proclaiming to be "pro life"
Fine. You can make your own.
Sometimes you have to let #chaoscamping stew
RT The good news is that Twitter is almost 14 so only a few more years before James Woods loses interest in it.
Ahh... While Rome burns, the Senate kisses the jack boots of the wannabe dictator (Thread)
RT My girlfriend (2700F) and I (87M) are struggling because her father (6500M) doesn't approve of interracial relationships.…
RT If you don’t understand why topics like inclusivity and challenging conversations are part of a devops conference I’m sor…
Karissa is good people and this would be a great team to work with!
New post on #DevRel - Roots for advocates: applying community organising principles to developer relations via
New post on #DevRel - The hierarchy of developer needs via
New post on #DevRel - Voice of the developer: build the platform your developers actually want via
New post on #DevRel - Metrics discussion panel via
CONGRATULATIONS! 😻🎉🎉🎉
Today's Image of the Day: California's Creek Fire at Night -
🔥 Marmite is of course evil. 🔥
RT If it’s degens, it’s broke.
LOL I read it as “negotiations and compromise” and had to re-read a few times to get what you typo’ed. Not sure what that says about anything.
RT Millions of Americans want to give this disordered child the nuclear codes simply because they think it would be a hoot a…
RT Great thread on the horseshit of AI.
Nice! I've been nominated for a #ContinuousDelivery award l, "Continuous Enthusiast"
RT 🍷🧀 Attention friends in Paris, and friends temporarily in Paris for #KubeCon. We have booked a very nice place to enjoy natura…
Calling all engineers who will be at #KubeCon or in Paris next week, from bootcamp/college grad to experienced or in leadership, to join me, and own for a time of wine, cheese, and #devex conversation! Register at:
And it keeps growing.
I am at SCaLE instead of #monkigras but have got so much FOMO.
Finally got around to finishing the last season of - the last two episodes were really good and closed out everything nicely, with the right amount of emotion. Thank you to the whole team (hicks, skids, and degens all) for 12 good seasons. #Letterkenny
I get in on Monday, so I’m planning on it!
RT Forcing TikTok to sell to a US owner only makes sense if you think the problem is China and not all of surveillance capitalism…
RT Let us turn a 2-hour per month commitment from you, dear #DevTool founder, into a steady stream of social media posts to fill you…
Great idea! I could see this being a big boost for those who are building and don’t have time (or mindset) to do all the things
Yeah, it's good like that
RT the u.s. house when they see a kid getting shot in a school:
Hmm - which version does the “talk through problems?” And how soon until it branches out to my talking about my problems too? =)
Is that what that's called?
The thread of the week...
New post on #DevRel - Raising awareness: using your platform for social good via
It's a CRISIS Kat! A CRISIS! It's even featured in a magazine with CRISIS in the name!
Reported, and what a bell end... FFS
That's an awesome shirt!
Tech bro gotta tech bro
Thick ribeye dry rub marinated 48+ hrs... Matt did some amazing potatoes in the fire as well
I have a couple TCL Roku TVs and they're great, and cheap, and the apps get upgraded, and Apple TV+ is on Roku. A 42" TCL 4K is under $400 (iirc) and because it's low profile it's smaller than you think.
Even used, a car loan can be disastrous because again it's fast depreciating (generally). I grew up in the car business... Dealers and banks are not there to let you make money off of them. The system is rigged against you. Unless you pay cash for the vehicle. Then you win.
New car loan is the same coin, different side. The millisecond you drive the car off the lot you've depreciated a lot. If you have no down payment you'll never see that money again. Most car loans will see you having spent more than car was worth at the end of term.
There's a reason they call a lease a "fleece"... 🤔 What do you have at the end of your lease? Nothing. You just start off a new lease with potentially a new down payment and go another 3 years. Rinse. Repeat.
Asking the important question I see...
Someone yelled "HTML is more of a programming language than YAML" and all hell broke loose
And I'm not happy with them
Because I filled out a few of Trump's bogus surveys, I now get emails.. to the special email address filter 😂😜🤣 What catches my eye is that gifts will be 700% matched...?? Excuse me? Who the hell is doing the matching? / /
Oh you're going to hold your own, because you're a giant in your own right!
Technically it would be GPLv3, requiring you to pick up stragglers who will eventually become your friends/enemies/frenemies
RT If your gender reveal party kills a bunch of people it’s most likely a white male.
He wasn't far off
New post on #DevRel - How to measure developer love and reach with the orbit model via
New post on #DevRel - So, you want to run an online event via
New post on #DevRel - Success metrics as narratives via
RT Everyone should be able to vote by mail. And Election Day should be a national holiday. Voting should be accessible an…
Anyone who has ever worked in the marketing department of a tech company knows that "Gartner isn't Pay for Play" is total BS. They successfully have convinced tech companies to pay them exorbitant fees while providing no service in return. You gotta hand it to them.. Brilliant.
He's a visionary. I would buy this.
RT Kirk Herbstreit for the win. Please listen to all of it.
Me: "This is my first White Claw" "It's lower calories than that Coors you were just drinking." Me: "Yeah, but the Coors has protein." Matt: 😶😑🥱 #chaoscamping
Shhh... Also I bought a 35-pack... We'll be ok until tomorrow
Matty went for the whole experience and got really close and tried for the bokeh effect
Read this thread. Our fallen soldiers are not losers as Trump called them. Those who served &amp; are currently serving are not losers as Trump called them. Trump is the loser. He is not, nor ever was, fit for office, &amp; needs removed in November. Vote early. Vote once.
Mark your calendars for the September episode of #devopspartygsmes !!
RT Ted Cruz’s new slogan:
Some great advice, especially with #Hacktoberfest rapidly approaching
Ahh eggs and bacon for breakfast #chaoscamping
5
Today's Image of the Day: Star Trek and NASA: 54 Years and Counting -
This is why pie is superior. It's pie. It's never an elongated, misshapen aubergine with frosting. It's pie.
The original video for this GIF is amazing
We avoided Oklahoma, because, well, Oklahoma.
That ending.... 😂😅🤣
OH1: "What are you getting?" OH2: "It's between 'beaver balls' and the 'fuzzy beaver', maybe the 'dirty beaver' " #chaoscamping
So it's a normal Trump press conference
I knew it! Q is just a man in a garage
I get so much joy marking as spam all those that I unsubscribed for which still send me email. Weeks later.
Arkansas state bird... #chaoscamping
How much crime can a crime lord crime, if a crime lord will crime crimes?
Hands down, #devopsdays Chicago was the best virtual event I've been to all year. Conference organizers, and everyone else, read this thread.
RT And #ChaosCamping begins as and I hit the road towards Arkansas
Men just gotta frack it up for the rest of us
Those biscuits though...
I knew you liked CAKE!
Practicing my money laundering techniques
So... A mockumentary?
Which is by definition the 1%
Self control maybe? I wouldn't know.
This made my Sunday!
Yeah that's what I'm thinking for my setup as well... Or Canon T7.
What is the setup?
Car camping has its advantages
Matt's SUV. 🤣😜🤪
Ready for this
Overheard..... P1: "Girl came to college and got COVID immediately because her roommate came with it." P2: "That's what happens.. not the end of the world. Just everyone get it and get it over with." P1: "I'd have to agree." And this is why we are where we are at with 192k+ dead
I'm touched that you recall the away messages I would leave you
Ammosexuals... That's perfect. 😂🤣😂 This is just waiting for entry into the next #DarwinAwards
He was exhausted.
I'm ded...
Nickelback never had it so good
Mr. Chicken and Mrs. Chicken need to work some things out
Hello...
Grunge it out Mr. Chicken
I'm sorry Cranberries....
Sly would have never lost to Creed in the first Rocky with this version
The song that I know one word to...
I present to you, Bohemian Rhapsody
So tonight I went down the rabbit hole with YouTube.... Follow along with me dear Twitter. It's the gift that keeps on giving....
It was so good, and never got the chance it needed. CBS, I think it was, kept rotating the viewing time which is guaranteed to make it hard for people to watch and get hooked. And then to cancel it before the last episode, meaning you had to find it on an Aussie station...
It's sooo good on so many levels. That first episode with the cryogenic testing had me rolling.
RT How Fox News left Jennifer Griffin out to dry, a timeline: 4 PM - she confirms reporting on the Atlantic story that Tru…
For starters.... Better Off Ted Firefly Leverage
I downloaded it on Android... And then haven't really started playing yet.. or figured it out.
!!!!!
Hey look, there's a #community version!
If you have kids, you know
is really good for that
Did you just install Windows 10 and haven't used Edge to download Chrome yet?
No one wants to see that
Just what I needed for this weekend
Maybe I need to log back in under my Emeritus status... 🤪🤠
Every day that Trump golfs (visited a golf club 276 times so far, golfing at least 136 of them at a cost to the taxpayer of $140m+) needs to do this, and call out the count of golf visits and then read the tweets Trump said about golfing while President. Every time.
Good! Excited to see
Happy Birthday! 🍻🙌👏 We have a number of job openings here at CircleCI, including DevOps Customer Engineer... My DMs are open if you have any questions!
So let's define a few things here for Adam.. The Man - commonly referred to as those in power &amp; specifically in the 70s as the Police The Mob - pushing back against the Man, i.e. the Police Pryor &amp; Carlin - 2 comedians who were against the Man. Constantly. Maybe watch them?
It's about time lol! I remember discussing that back in 2015.
If this were to happen and we decided to do a parody then for sure!
RT NEW, confirms former Trump admin official confirms details in The Atlantic story, including quotes about…
Hi!
See tweet 1
I mean it's now gone.
Yup. And it met my expectations. I only wonder how far of a distance and at what speed he went...
I mean.. it couldn't hurt! Have you seen my follower count?
"And this, Class, is the perfect example of the systemic racism that exists in the US criminal justice system."
Which would go really well with PJ's drumming
PSA: I should not be allowed _anywhere_ near a "Family Size" bag of Reese's Pieces.
Or have I....
Hey you can bring all that if you want to carry it.
Really feeling this song during March Day 187 of 2020
ACA might cover mental health, but will it cover the burn Biden just doled out?
I can play rhythm electric or acoustic guitar
So I'm thinking that at DOD Buffalo _next year_ we should have a DevOps band cover "Stickshifts and Safetybelts" with on vocals and on drums for starters... I'm sure we can come up with other members (I can't play the bass, or at least not enough)...
RT Completing the Census is crucial because it will shape our communities for the next decade. Everything from critical funds…
Marvelous 3 were a good 90s rock band. That's the tweet.
Make sure you're standing, and maybe have more of your button up shirt showing. Wouldn't want people to get the wrong idea. 🙄
RT IGNORE THE POLLS — REGISTER AND VOTE!! 🗳 #BidenHarris2020
This.
Today's Image of the Day: Completing the Roman Telescope's Primary Mirror -
Vote early. Vote once.
Ahh - ironing... My iron gets used a couple times a year - and rarely by me.
Yeah it's ridiculous and so gendered. I don't wear button down shirts anymore, or at least unless I have to - and I haven't had to in awhile. I certainly am not doing so to make this bro more comfortable.
I'll do it, but only if it has pockets. I have standards.
This is a ridiculous take and certainly seems gender-fied...
So you slightly redeemed yourself, and we should do an overnight backpacking adventure next year 😆
I decided to adjust my profile pic (for awhile at least) from my previous avatar to what did for #devopsdays Chicago... I just love it so much!
Make sure to be wearing a shirt that says "Nerd" on it
RT Oh it's on like donkey kong - the conference CFP is open, looking for seasoned and first-time speakers! #Postm…
It's the experience Jeremy. Also, has just said you're not invited on a backpacking adventure because you whined. Thanks a lot there bud.
Sourdough pretzels and Reece's Pieces are my love language
RT Do you remember "Pimp my ride" with Xzibit on MTV? Now it's time to pimp your profile folks! Check out my present…
RT Young people: PLEASE understand. DONT listen to idiots playing this down. Yes, you're at *lower* risk of death (not no…
RT No one can take away your right to vote — every eligible Kansan can vote through the mail. Make sure to register, reque…
It also means that we get more exclusive time to the ingredients while Jessica is putzing around with the toaster
Well, nice knowing you.
RT Old Navy will pay any employee who signs up to be a poll worker on Election Day — and they will be paid by their local cou…
Depends... Gif Brewery 3 is great on Mac, or the Giphy app on the phone.
Today's Image of the Day: Booster Test for Future Space Launch System Flights -
I pulled out my antifa corporate card this morning and was able to get a McDonalds McMuffin at the Senior Discount. Thanks antifa!
RT “September 3rd.” “That’s my wedding day.” 💛 Happy day, David and Patrick!
Coordinated hit job
Congratulations to both of you!!!
WTAF? This is so disturbing, grotesque, and despicable. 😟 (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
This thread.... 😄😆😅😂🤣😭
For reference... The Law hasn't stopped Barr and Trump (courtesy of the GOP), so why would they care now?
This was another fun episode of #devopspartygames - can't wait for the next one!
I love a good PB&amp;J - but can't say I've ever had a _TOASTED_ PB&amp;J.... That's next-level 12yoAdulting
How else would I differentiate between weeks?
This is one of my beagles. Every. Dang. Time.
I said this in 2016.
RT Just in case you really miss the 2009 hit "Shots" by LMFAO, here's a nerdy #DevOps version we made:
On the back side. Martians want that hidden
Today's Image of the Day: Mars's Twin Peaks -
RT If a Black man crossed state lines with an illegal AR-15, violated a local curfew in a city where he didn’t belong, carrie…
Twitter thankfully removed that vile, disgusting tweet. Wish they would remove the _rest_ of her nonsense.
RT COVID Update September 2: Lets say we were in a war. A war where we are attacked at home and hundreds of thousands of people…
.....Yes?
To again answer your question Andy, yes. It is still trolling PJ even if he isn't in the room.
I hardly remember now... 🙄 Something like something crunchy and sweet, something with some protein, and then fill my water bottle. All of that is usually after I had Guinness and some bar food, and before multiple Woodford Reserves (Delta ftw).
I'm confused. I like CAKE and Cake and cake. What's the difference?
PS4... #ChiefsKingdom
You do know, right, that this is Trump's America? A current President blaming a future President for the current President's America... That's on brand, since the current President couldn't get over that a black man had a highly successful Presidency prior to him.
Team building horror
does an amazing job! Support her!
I feel so honoured... This is the greatest speaker gift I've ever received.
Thank YOU to the organizers of for putting on an amazing conference, and to for making these unbelievable speaker stickers!
Best by far virtual conference I have been to. The team did such an amazing job!
RT I chose Antifa Airlines because I knew Rand Paul wouldn’t be on my flight....plus the warmed cookies.
RT If you think Trump is on the ropes and will surely lose in November, think again. Our side has limits because we believe in de…
TIL "Goat-to-Meeting" was a thing #devopsdays #devopsdayschi
This is the first step in all DevOps encounters and activities
. at #devopsdays Chicago: "The secret to DevOps success is "Piloting" just like said, but the _Secret_ of that secret is "Cheat!" Stack the deck for success!"
RT It’s not about the perpetuation of your name, it’s about sustaining the community that made your name knowable.
Moira Rose is a treasure
It's true....
Ahh yes, those were the days =)... Those flashbacks inspired this blog post which inspired the Ignite.
I am not a Bama fan, but this is awesome and I applaud Saban and the team. #BlackLivesMatter
Today's Image of the Day: Skylab Commander Jerry Carr Trains for His Mission -
These "DevOps Deep Thoughts by Not Jack Handy" short videos at #devopsdays Chicago are spot on phenomenal!!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
And #devopsdays Chicago is LIVE!!!!!
RT You keep using those words. I do not think they mean what you think they mean.
RT Join us today! 📺 watch all the talks and speaker fireside chats live via YouTube at 💻 interac…
RT There’s a popular tweet going around stating the CDC now reports 6% of COVID deaths are actually from COVID, and the rest co…
RT Biden just dominated Trump: “He keeps telling you, if only he was president, it wouldn’t happen ... He keeps telling us, if he…
RT We're finding out what people would do if fascism came to America. Never forget what you learn about people now, especially th…
I feel like that's just a commentary on adulthood
So it's going well then?
RT Please send this thread out far and wide. Retweet, post on FB, Instagram, etc. let’s get a million eyes on this!!
#RIPChadwickBoseman #RIPBlackPanther
After Pulse - Metrics, KPIs, and OKRs - OH MY #devrel #community
Don't forget the whiskey
I've used Magnet for years to do this, and love it. Haven't looked at Raycast... might have to see what all it can do
I see you're looking for travel supplies
Looking forward to my 4th #SCaLE this week in Pasadena, and then my 5th #KubeCon next week in Paris. Who all am I gonna see there? Can’t wait to connect and chat about what I’ve been working on with over the past couple months!
That's accurate. That was a good time, and the first place I met !!
Figures.
Sitting here remembering this bitter cold day 2 years ago with some really cool, amazing people in #devrel that I get to call friends! h/t / / / /
Slava Ukraini!
AMAZING! Great job!!
KUDKUM
LFG #ChiefsKingdom
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
That person has got to be one of the dumbest out there. And that's saying a lot.
. is a national treasure
With all of the change over the last 10 years, it's interesting to see the same 5 at the top during that time. Always a good read and analysis from the team
It’s only creepy if you make eye contact. Until then, it’s a party.
RT Too many still believe ‘it can’t happen here,’ but it IS happening here. This is the rise of tyranny. The violation of no…
RT Here’s last night's story about the RNC and the week's events in Kenosha:
This is absolutely sickening... and thank you and for bringing this Sheriff's beliefs and way of "policing" to light. These beliefs that he espouses, and Trumpism gets behind, is a terrible worldview and needs to be exposed for what it is.
RT Chadwick Boseman getting emotional about trading letters with kids with terminal cancer who passed before they got to see Bl…
RT Anatomy of a Trump smear: Trump makes a false claim without evidence. Right wing outlets promote it. The media legitim…
And there it is!
This is glorious. Troll away, troll away!
Today's Image of the Day: Sunrise Shadows Over the Philippine Sea -
RT I wrote about what I learned from my Thursday Night Twitter rant on RNC/Trump. It’s too long for here so I put it on my F…
☕
Um.. now I'm seriously rethinking this camping trip
RT Chadwick came to the White House to work with kids when he was playing Jackie Robinson. You could tell right away that he…
This was such a great episode of SNL.. #RIPBlackPanther #RIPChadwickBoseman
Took you long enough! Happy Birthday!
Elm and then PINE. Then Eudora Mail.
Seen, attacked, and justified.
DNS. It's always DNS.
Very good thread, and I echo all of it #BidenHarris2020
I'm sorry. I forgot the hashtag. #Kids
Having kids
So, gonna go out on a limb and call bullshit, and your surveys lacked diversity
This thread of amazing words from, and info about, Chadwick Boseman is powerful. #RIPBlackPanther #RIPChadwickBosman #WakandaForever
RT Our hearts are broken and our thoughts are with Chadwick Boseman's family. Your legacy will live on forever. Rest In P…
It has layers
You know how to exercise
So 100 meters on a Windows 95 background?
That is just fantastic! I love the passion in the announcer's even if I don't understand the words.
I feel like I have lived every infomercial, or been the target of every one ever... And I have come to accept it and revel in it
Very interested to see Rubio’s Scripture for tomorrow 🧐🙄
No one. No one is asking for his autograph, but the Chief Narcissist has this incessant need to make the Presidency about him. This is despicable.
Yeah... Nothing I found made sense for a strong bull... Lol
Sasha is as strong a bull as I know!
They may not need them, but they get them
RT If your response to an unarmed person being shot seven times is to suggest it was warranted because of his alleged other (…
We should have decent coverage to help you
Yeah I'm not a fan
Count me in that as well.....
Nah we actually spell it "aluminum" not "aluminium" which is why we say it wrong.
Thread of what we are living right now and must be reversed. #VoteBidenHarris2020
Seriously though, I've worked with Brits a lot over the last 10 years &amp; been to the homeland enough times that it now just comes natural. I even spell aluminium correctly.
I use "u" correctly, so much so that my autocorrect corrects them if I don't
I can confirm that the Target here has mandated masks and everyone is wearing them.
Yes, that's right. and I are soon embarking on an outdoorsy adventure. Together. In the wilderness. Most definitely will be blameless. Most likely.
OH: "I've been thinking of getting a cardigan." My daughter. My daughter said that.
*honk*
And let's not even get started on IRC
RT So, does everyone need to comply with the cops to avoid being murdered in the street or just the ones with a certain skin…
And yet continued to work on and do amazing movies while battling cancer. What a powerful, amazing man. F*CK cancer
RT YES 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 #WhenWeAllVote #Vote2020
I'm beyond fed up with 2020
RT The true power of was bigger than anything we saw on screen. From the Black Panther to Jackie Robinson, he i…
Why would either of you be up at that time of day?
Such a great story! I love a good Dark &amp; Stormy
This is so sad... #WakandaForever #ripchadwickboseman
"It's like wiping your ass with silk, I love it." #FridayMovieQuote
I never finished that movie.. now I know I need to watch it
I just learned that you can get a custom Magic 8 Ball and I am now consumed with this.
This is the best one yet
Well, he also didn't go to Washington to actually do the job of the President
Yes! YES! This is awesome!
I endorse that message.
RT As people exercise their right to protest all across the country––let the undeniable paths of our progress be a guide goin…
RT NEW – PREBUTTAL TO TRUMP RNC SPEECH: The first combat death under Trump happened when he ordered a Navy SEAL team into Yemen…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views Edge of Stellar Blast -
It _would_ be a really good number at this point
No.
Delete that tweet and then delete your account
Welcome to the 181st day of March, but you'll be glad to know that it falls on a FRIDAY! HAPPY FRIDAY!!!! 🎊🎉
RT . is absolutely incredible.
Someone is _NOT_ a fan of Ivanka
#MoscowMitch and #LeningradLindsey would have lost their ever-loving minds... I know, because the GOP lost it when Clinton lied about getting a BJ from an intern while under oath, and looked the other way when Trump violates the Constitution multiple times per day. #Hypocrites
This is powerful. #BlackLivesMatter #JackieRobinsonDay #JusticeForJacobBlake #JusticeForBreonnaTaylor
RT BREAKING: We are calling for the immediate resignation of Kenosha Police Chief Daniel Miskinis and Kenosha County Sheriff David B…
Yes. Most definitely, Yes.
England, Berlin, Seattle are probably my first destinations
RT Join Deserted Island DevOps (no Switch required) at 12 Eastern/9 Pacific tomorrow. Our own will be hosting some…
That's worth a celebration
Yes... I also drift around corners. All the time.
RT Why do the police decide that some threats must be extinguished, while other threats get defused? We know the answer. htt…
RT The people who are angry that America has a #BlackLivesMatter movement are not angry at why America needs a #BlackLivesM…
RT Have you ever wondered how so many people could allow thousands of Black people to be publicly lynched week after week, year a…
Today's Image of the Day: Spitzer Captures Stellar Family Portrait -
RT Last chance to sign up to be part of the live audience as and discuss #docker related obstacles common…
Yeah.. and they had no idea he had one until _after_ shooting him in the back. It's utter bullshit.
RT On Monday night, Trump gave his national platform to a white man who used an AR-15 to terrorize BLM protesters. On Tuesday n…
True colours, shining through. Tucker Carlson shows that he kneels at the feet of fascism and racism and white supremacy and LIES TO THE AUDIENCE, TO THEIR FACES. He knows this was racist, premeditated murder. HE KNOWS. And he's showing his true colours. #BlackLivesMatter
RT Incredible TV moment as Kenny walks off
RT Every word Chris Webber says here should be listened to.
RT BREAKING: In a very concerning statement, the ⁦ now says people exposed to COVID-19 do not need to get tested. This…
Yeah, and I almost made some comment.... But I didn't.
Now that's just mean.
Then I might have the best followers
Buffer schedules for the win
That's more like it
RT BuzzFeed finds the teenage Kenosha murder suspect in the front row of a Trump 2020 rally.
I am old enough to never not think about this _first_ when someone mentions TDD.
Truly in my thoughts and prayers.
CW: Racist MF shoots protestors in the street with AR15, then proudly walks towards the police. This is Trump's America.
They definitely don't get their good looks from
RT A black person shouldn’t have to be perfect or extraordinary or a college grad or a parent in order to explain why they de…
RT It's #InternationalDogsDay! At CircleCI, we love pets of all kinds. Reply here with a pic of your pet for a chance to receive…
RT A message from the See you at DevOpsDays Chicago next week - register for free at #…
RT Thank you gold sponsor Sponsors make #devopsdays possible. Join us in 1 week! Register today:…
Yeah, this Administration blurred the lines 3 1/2 years ago and now they just do illegal things with no line in place and no one holding them accountable.
RT From Trump issuing a pardon from the White House to Pompeo’s speech from Jerusalem, Night 2 of the RNC highlighted the administrat…
Thread. Completely incompetent.
Today's Image of the Day: A Fermi Spirograph and Women's Equality Day -
The answers in the images are valid for all of us, regardless of our political spin.
Bonkers
I miss friends
Nope! I was only a colour commentator... No one wants me moderating....
OH: DevOps twitter needs to shut up about Pete Cheslock's hair #devopspartygames
Oh yay!
The pre #devopspartygames chat has gotten off to a raring start already...
RT This Thu Aug 27 @ 11a ET, &amp; will be joined by Aaron Stillwell, SE in London, to discuss the #Docker re…
RT Check out our new CircleCI developer hub! All the resources you need for optimizing CI/CD, finding CI-optimized Docker images…
TONIGHT! IT'S HAPPENING! #devopspartygames
RT Great tips for critical thinking beyond the headline. There's a big difference between ✅ a fact ✅ and 🎯 the story 🎯 in which…
RT Seven shots in the back. Seven shots. Seven. In the back. For breaking up a fight. I'm undone. Shot in front of his children.…
Today's Image of the Day: Artist’s View of a Planet Where Liquid Water Might Exist -
RT Ella Baker, a giant of the civil rights movement, embodies the idea of ordinary people’s ability to create change. She fou…
RT Uncomfortable Conversations with a Black Man: The National Anthem Protest- PT. II In Part II: Commissioner of the NFL, R…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Here's your physics joke: How many theoretical physicists specializing in general relativity does it take to change a light bulb? Answer: Two. One to hold the bulb and one to rotate the universe.
Fair enough
You don't need a country code (or area code) in the US to dial 911
"school choice" is a Republican attempt to leave disadvantaged in the dust and fund high-income schools for the rich and powerful
"small businesses are being torched by moms" -Don Jr.
Get yourself one of the greatest books on DevOps!
Nikki Haley: "America is not racist" Also Haley: "White supremacist murdered black worshippers"
Congrats Kim! Sounds like a great opportunity!
Mmm... Enjoy said Pico de Gallo burger
Yep. Sexy.
Nailed it.
Wait... It doesn't mean that?
A really great list for onboarding remote employees
The BEST review of MyPillow out there.
Share the alt and I'll follow... Hands down
RT Pipelines, speed, and a new test summary: what you need to know about CircleCI's new UI
"My toilet cactus grew some leafy balls" is not something I thought I would ever say, but heck, it's 2020
My mobile hotspot is "NSA_CIA-JointTaskForce" and I loving seeing people's faces when they start looking around at coffee shops
Of course he is... But even that's not accurate with the statistics. His base won't know that though, so he will spin it towards himself
Today's Image of the Day: Defining Radiation Risk to Astronauts -
I first read that as "real hair"... It is a great colour!
“The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command.” - #1 in total dead (180K+) - 24% of all confirmed cases in the world - #9 total cases/1M pop - #10 total deaths/1M pop - #2 total tests - #19 tests/1M pop #TrumpPlague
I knew I just needed to be patient
You gotta wait for it.....
RT We are less than 2 weeks out from #cjs20, so it was *definitely* time to publish the schedule of talks. Enjoy! 🎉 More info…
I believe has mentioned and/or in the past. Being the sticker thoughtleader she probably has some info/opinions as well.
Very much the same... For me it comes down to trust and relationship.
.fear { display: none; }
This just plain explains everything. In a nice graphic. #VoteEarly #BidenHarris2020
I haven't been to Target yet... The Walmart is right next to ours and I know all their employees wear a mask and they won't let anyone in without a mask (per adherence to Governor Kelly executive order). Though I kinda want to go to Target now.
Karen... Chad... The mask goes OVER your fracking nose.
So should probably make the note that Trump's tweet (or any tweet for that matter) violated Twitter's Rules (because it's a flat out lie and misleading) stand out a bit more than allowing it to fade into the flow
You're really bad at this...
Yes. You know you're jealous.
Oh most definitely! I'm in. There's that Netflix Chrome extension too...
Such a great movie.... I gotta watch it again
RT Everyone believes Trump is using the USPS to sway the 2020 election. I don’t. I think this is about the 2016 electio…
Oh yes it is! I didn't realise it was Mexican Street Corn which I love.
I knew we were kindred spirits
I was going to say 'elote' but quickly found out that was a real one
Keep that rainbow bridge clear of pigeons Ember! ❤️ You'll be forever missed.
RT Love is more powerful than hate. Hope is more powerful than fear. Light is more powerful than darkness. This is our mo…
That corgi is meshing that bread service!
Wasn't Tiffany the one he refused to acknowledge? Why is she all of a sudden on the comedy show lineup?
/me looks up what "elote" is... finds out it is "mexican street corn" and now I too am disappointed, and claim Chica's share for myself. Along with seconds...
This... Is... Amazing. They all knew. They all knew who he was. They all knew what he would do. They all knew where he would take us. They all knew.
This is spot on accurate.
Your resiliency knows no bounds
Ok, 2020 has jumped the shark. Vote early. #SaveThePostalService
You never call me about hustling sausages
RT If the mail stops, our democracy stops. #SaveUSPS
The answer to that sounds problematic...
I was in small town Wyoming recently, and they had a city arts fair with street vendors all properly socially distanced, and someone was selling Tupperware. I almost bought them out.
Nah it's for your glorious beard, muscles, and hair. And maybe your food.
RT THIS!!!! ❤️❤️
Magners is great on ice
That being said, Angry Orchard has an Unfiltered Crisp Apple which is... WOW.
Strongbow from the tap in the UK is _amazeballs_
I've wondered about that cider... How is it?
And finally, enjoyed spending time with Alice. We love you Ember, and you will live on in our hearts and minds.
And whenever we were in the living room, especially while watching soccer, loved to snuggle with us and our feet
. quickly started marking his territory in our backyard, especially cherry trees. He enjoyed being outside and enjoyed the sun, but wouldn't be amused when I took photos of him.
OH: My penis is not a Photoshop experiment
Nails it.
It’s why Hector loves hanging around me
Yeah, that's not a good look. Especially when they let go of the groups that raise the awareness and help bring profitability.
Correct take.
Would love to chat about this sometime. Let me know when and where =)
The problem with "influencer marketing" is exactly what you mentioned before - lack of path. I would posit that what we have seen with "influencer marketing" in the past has been sullied by people building their own brand (not wrong per se) at the expense of the company message
Right? You're either making the thing, or selling the thing. Your Dev audience knows you work for the fucking company when you're talking about whatever it is they do. We're not talking about the hard sell - but advocating for a FUCKING PRODUCT IS FUCKING PART OF WHAT SALES IS.
Fuck. I'm going to have to finish post 6 and 7 of my rant on DevRel needing to grow the fuck up and evolve aren't I?
Heh I provided some of the same in another reply
I get so fucking incensed when I see Dev Advocates and Community people bemoaning being held to metrics, or repeating the same old nonsense of "DevRel isn't {Sales|Marketing}". Grow the fuck up. You're both of them - and you're neither of them.
Some of the biggest harm to DevRel and its perception has been the "influencer" marketing push that many companies tried to do with DevRel, hiring every up-and-coming person and throwing money at whatever they wanted to do.
This landscape has shifted, and I will just come right out and say it, because too many teams lack seasoned leadership around how to interact with other departments. They don't want to learn from Marketing, Sales, Product, Engineering - they want to travel.
Oh for sure - and that's what Twilio did. Twilio DevRel in 2010 is _vastly_ different from what they do today. Same with _every_ single company.
Yep. It's imperative that DevRel position itself as supporting initiatives across the company, and aligns its activities to how they help achieve them. This involves having conversations with _every_ department to identify what their goals are. But often DevRel doesn't want to.
Too many companies want to cookie-cutter what they've seen other companies do (like Twilio in the early days), but don't understand that you have to tailor to: - what your company does - who the customers are - what stage you're in - state of your product - etc.
Unbelievably over-dramatic and disingenuous! And the lilt in her voice and fake tears was just uber creepy, and reminded me of the terrible rhetoric I heard growing up in the 80s.
RT This looks like an HGTV show about how to flip a house you’ve just murdered the original occupants of
This is so good, and a great thread with info on the updated vaccine. I do credit getting the updated vaccine to how quickly I fought off my recent (and luckily only 2nd in 4 years) COVID infection with minimal symptoms.
Kickass! Congrats!
The rest of my great memories of were when he spent like 2-3 weeks with us earlier this year... When we picked him up at the airport he was so happy to see me and again came running
My heart is so heavy right now... I do have so many good memories, and I'll post them here in this thread.... My first awesome memory was when we had coffee at Sightglass after CLS 18, and came running to see me, pulling you behind.
OH: I overcooked esparagus That's the tweet.
In all fairness, it takes that many to _use_ the Jira API
I just closed 15 tabs in Chrome. Of the same 3 websites. FML.
#theyknew #TheyAllKnew #RubioReport
I believe I understood a few of those words?
Enjoying some craft beer while playing online games with friends...
Virtualise that shit
Sending so many hugs your way right now! Pup snuggles are the best.
Well, you do a fair number of video calls and webinars.... So, you're not exactly hurting for chances
They're UK size 11's thank you very much
I highly recommend this book if you don't already have it. Heck... At $1.99 for the Kindle version I'm buying it to go along with my paper version.
They have begun rolling on him Kris Kobach claimed he spoke with 'enthusiastic' Trump three times about border wall project at center of fraud investigation. via
RT The Post Office arrested Steve Bannon. Nature is healing.
A feature, not a bug
Sleeping Beagles provide dopamine
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ it tells you in an update to Play Services. Other than that I haz no idea you whiney old geezer
Sounds great!
RT We are so excited to have Emily Freeman joining us for DevOpsDays Chicago this year!
#SaveThePostOffice
As always, some good stuff for #cmgr from Jono. And those shirts! 🔥
You can add "Indicted" now to Bannon
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Hubble Hooks a Supernova Host Galaxy -
RT Open Circle Sessions is back for our 7th episode next Thu Aug 27 @ 11a ET, with &amp; joined by Aaron Stil…
RT The courage of this kid —
RT It is with great honor and humility that I accept this nomination for President of the United States of America.
RT Tonight our next President made the case for his vision for this country and his plan to get there. I'll be doin…
Trump's response, while probably meant to be a pass off and attempt to distance himself instead of his typical "I don't know this person", perfectly illustrates his incompetency
As it should - we've had fracking millenia... I think we'll live.
I cannot help wondering if he had his swim trunks and his flippie-floppies
They're great for that!
I miss my old Toddy cold brew container
Seems a worrying (and quite wasteful) trend
RT 📺 NEW VIDEO represents the worst of humanity and should not be representing the United States of America…
I can't find a better place to lose myself than behind my guitars... So relaxing and refreshing, and I appreciate you sharing!!
This is an epic teardown of Cruz, Scott, and Rubio and which shows their hypocrisy
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Station Crew Spots Hurricane Genevieve -
RT . made me a better president. I’m asking you to believe in his and Kamala’s ability to help make us a better coun…
Oh geez no... No thank you.
Don't speak so soon.... Have you had armadillo?
Well it's made one of you soft so ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
RT If you saw that presser today and still think that you can't vote for Joe Biden to end this nightmare, maybe you should t…
The week's not over yet. Don't count your lost keys until the week is done.
#DevOpsPartyGsmes is already on EPISODE 3!!! Come join me and the rest next Tuesday!
RT You asked for a better sign up process on our community forum: we listened! It's easier than ever to create an account on Dis…
Yeah I gotta go watch it tonight.
RT Updated orb alert! We've been working on a new iteration of the Slack orb to cover more use cases for notifying teams of pipe…
Such a great band photo
"Survival of Christian Faith and Values" when his very platform, conduct, etc. are polar opposites of "Christian Faith and Values"... I just can't with these idiots.
We the People... #TheRising #BidenHarris2020
Lol I had to check the article to find out... Pretty cool actually
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: NASA Is Developing an All-Electric X-57 X-Plane: A Cleaner Way to Fly -
Right?
RT Two weeks from tomorrow is #devopsdays Chicago - the virtual version! It’s more than a webinar with a Slack channel - it…
Even though a follow up tweet from NBC clarified this, they should do better Here's what had to say about her nomination
RT Our nation was founded on a simple idea: All men—and women—are created equal. We’ve never fully lived up to it, but we won’t…
RT Shoutout to Trump for pardoning a dead white person for illegally voting while trying to prevent alive Black people from…
WTAF?
A show with a #cmgr... Going to have to check this out
I'm ded
Yep, I said from the beginning that FB buying Oculus was only about what telemetry data they could harvest
The GOP Senate is all wearing ball cages tied directly to Putin
This whole thread lays out everything in the (Republican-led mind you) Senate report released today which indicts the Trump Campaign for what they did to get elected and confirms everything in the Mueller report.
So let me get this straight.. The #MuellerReport wasn't fiction?
So let me get this straight - you want people to move to however it doesn't work with family plans? This makes total sense.. and leaves my family high and dry with a service we are paying for and can't use. Do I hear calling?
This is fantastic!
Same thought/question here for me... My family and childhood friends are in a different worldview, and I can't help thinking how much that has to do with them being stuck locally and not traveling and being challenged and being open to new things.
RT One Tweet - path to community success: 1. Talk to community members 2. Create a community plan that considers their ne…
Well done Christian! That's awesome!
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Canadarm2 and Japan's HTV-9 Resupply Ship -
For the "superior race" they sure do go down easily #PunchYourLocalNazi
Great work being done by a teacher at a school district here in my area "Kansas schoolteacher created database of 700 schools reporting coronavirus"
RT In case you were wondering where those 671 high-speed mail sorting machines were being removed: Places where #Clinton won.…
Is this a thirst trap?
Save the USPS #USPSisEssential
#USPSisEssential
So well deserved! Congrats!
RT Screw it. USPS fancam.
Why not both? Would be both professional _and_ on brand.
If you're looking for someone to help drive your initiatives to reach out to your developer community, you would be hard pressed to find someone better suited than Joe.
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Capturing an Avalanche on Mars -
They won't dismantle between now and Election Day because they've already removed them. Disgraceful. #SaveThePostOffice
RT This post is idiotic. FedEx charges $24 to send a letter in 3 days from LA to DC. USPS charges $0.55. Why? Bec…
RT JUST IN: House Oversight Committee calls postmaster general DEJOY to testify on Aug. 24, nearly a month earlier than sched…
Oh yes, please!
Yesterday in Cali
And with the fire tornado you've added the Midwest
Directly on the rack
I got the bacon from the grocery store counter where it was already cold smoked/cured. I then smoked with mesquite wood, but any would do
For reference of the bacon
Thick cut, applewood bacon, smoked for an hour at 225F and then added to scrambled eggs and put in a tortilla.
Glad I don't follow any of them, and have quite a few blocked
RT Dear Democrats - and particularly Florida Democrats, can you pull up a chair for a second? We need to have a little chat…
Not to mention that social security checks are sent via the USPS, and ballots can only be handled by the USPS.
It holds up after all these years
The last few did tend to repeat the same tropes, but the last season was good.
So me, and I'm assuming your wife.
I've been rewatching Burn Notice these past few months, off and on, and it's just a fun show. The cast of , , and were phenomenal together.
RT The Postmaster General must resign. He’s slowed delivery, banned overtime &amp; decommissioned mail-sorting machines. Righ…
RT United States Senator Kamala Harris is a natural born citizen of the United States of America. She is Constitutionally…
Um, so... Why the hell would you let a sandwich you spent time making just sit around? You eat that sammie and let it know who's boss!
RT Federal criminal law (18 USC 1701): Whoever knowingly and willfully obstructs or retards the passage of the mail, or any c…
Donut works pretty well, and can be pretty customisable
Toilet cactus
Search your name in gifs and show me the one that best sums up your year so far. Here’s mine:
Oh no... 😢 Those areas are beautiful.
RT BREAKING: Great news. SalivaDirect received approval this morning from the This could be one the first major game…
Start with A New Hope, not Phantom Menace in order to avoid confusion.
It is so good
RT Being of service, supporting others, lifting up everyone around you are all forms of confidence and confidence is attracti…
RT
It's also what first captured me when introduced us in London 2 years ago.
RT This week we announced new orbs to make it easier for developers to build, test, and deploy Salesforce apps. Find…
Fun fact: my oldest when he was born, the delivering doctor _immediately_ commented "He has eyelashes that would make a woman jealous!"
RT Voting by mail is safe and secure. And don't take my word for it: Take it from the President, who just requested his mail-in…
Yes. Most definitely. You've gained the mark (even with a terrible process that it is) based on you as an individual or company. When those cease, the account should lose their verified as they literally aren't that entity anymore. Will do anything? Probably not.
RT Take the 2020 State of DevOps survey!
RT Your daily reminder that it's illegal for the president to attack his political opponent during a government funded pre…
RT Today, our community livestream discusses the UI/UX we've been rolling out. Bring your questions and feedback because our tec…
RT Everyone depends on the USPS. Seniors for their Social Security, veterans for their prescriptions, small businesses trying…
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Astronaut Chris Cassidy Does Housekeeping in Space -
Heck, we already have foreign government sponsors - what's the difference? 🙂🙃
I never knew how much I needed this validation for the eye lashes that have caused me such annoyance until just now. Thank you Emily, thank you!
Mate that sucks! Take care of yourself and I hope you recover quickly.
RT Filming has began for DevOpsDays Chicago 2020! Experience DevOpsDays keynotes, talks, and interactive discussions! Can't…
New AWS database cluster
I don't just _want_ this, I _NEED_ this.
Yeah they just changed today the profile after I'm sure they were reported. I reported for impersonating an elected official as well as being a fake account. is broken when a dead man can have their verified account taken over by someone else and still be verified.
Looks great!
RT Why do orbs matter for CI/CD? Learn orb fundamentals from our developer advocates in this short video:
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: NASA Begins Installing Orion Adapter for First Artemis Moon Flight -
RT
RT Let’s make a deal, Mr. President: You release your college transcript, I’ll release mine, and we’ll see who was the better studen…
SMART objectives Matt
Metrics, KPIs, and OKRs - OH MY #devrel #community
Again, admitting his intentions and crimes right out in public and the Senate Republicans do nothing
RT Thank you to the cast and crew of Marvel's #AgentsofSHIELD! | 📷:
The #AgentsofSHIELDFinale was a fitting ending to not only the roller coaster last few seasons, but the whole series itself.
RT BREAKING: US pays $1.5 billion to Moderna for 100 million doses of vaccine. When buying unproven drugs, why are we not requ…
RT Hey folks, you've only got a few more days to submit your Chaos Conf session proposal! CFP closes EOD Friday!
RT
RT Every tech company needs a streaming service. So… introducing Mint Mobile +. The world’s most affordable streaming ser…
RT This Friday, our community livestream discusses the UI/UX we've been rolling out. Bring your questions and feedback because o…
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Candy-Colored Phobos -
We've found common ground - Coke Zero is delicious. Sean, well, whatever.
All of those words there, in the general groupings you use, frighten me
Diet Coke or Coke Zero. No contest.
I love how everyone just sits there as if this is a normal thing for this kid
This is such a good example of how not to be a gatekeeper at a company... Language can keep people on the outside, and acronyms can be exclusive. Break down those walls and make sure acronyms are easily found.
I'm still giggling at Yang whinging at not speaking
From what I've seen so far from Cornyn, he might view that as a compliment?
Ahh yes... America the last few years
RT There's a lot I like about the Harris pick, but one thing isn't getting enough attention: Trump demands absolute loyalty. H…
RT Thank god it's Kamala! I was worried Biden was going to pick someone else who would have made me absolutely still vote f…
Certainly not a coincidence
Oh yeah. House goes now. Better get the houses immediately next to you as well, for good measure.
Well this was a roller coaster....
Can confirm.
Dan Rather is on fire...
RT I have the great honor to announce that I’ve picked — a fearless fighter for the little guy, and one of the cou…
#BidenHarris2020 That's it. That's the tweet.
This slaps hard.....
RT BREAKING: Joe Biden has picked Sen. Kamala Harris as his running mate. She is the first woman of color ever on a major par…
YES! is running mate!!! #VPPick #VPHarris
2020 is a parody at this point
It's not... It's real.
Yup
So _literally_ something that disrespects the American Flag. Got it. On brand.
Same... I'll vote for him regardless, but Harris will be awesome.
RT This is the discussion where Mary and I go deep into measuring community value, "community-qualified leads" and her framew…
RT Ben Shapiro gynecological Twitter is the worst Twitter
RT THREAD: With the and voter suppression machine in force spreading disinformation on voting in 20…
His followers actually spout this nonsense as well - there's a sign in the yard of someone in my neighborhood saying much the same thing, and it's been out there for 2 weeks now.
That's amazing! Congratulations!
Only if they're of the highest thread count... Bougie ftw
DoucheNozzle gotta douche....
RT
Yeah he's obviously on _something_ and just let his mouth run and started pulling names out of his ass... I'm sure the Acme Corp has an opening for Anvil Tester
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: This Gas Giant Is Pretty in Pink -
And my guess is it will be the gift that keeps on giving until it becomes boring... So another few Twitter cycles
And don't forget drinking all the booze and then doing a video
Holy Shit! This is awesome!
RT Not sure if anyone's left on X these days, but anyone have anything they like better than Typeform?
No, not really...
Seeing as tomorrow is fucking October, I’m vacillating between closing all of my existing plans as ⁠ "wontfix" ⁠ or ⁠ "push-to-2026 ⁠"
I find the lack of an ability to adjust notifications in Teams channels deeply disturbing. It's either all or nothing. There's a really chatty team channel that I need to be in, and I can't mute it or else miss important All-Team info.
❤️❤️
72. That's how many tech t-shirts I have in my closet.
What the hell is VAR for if they don't reverse the red given to Fernandes, when it's an obvious yellow? FFS
I was 990... Come on 10 people!
RT Let’s get up to 1k followers on Twitter!!
Saw #TransformersOne just now with my oldest, and it was surprisingly good. A bit of nostalgia with the animation element (obviously way better than the 80s), and the storyline was solid. Highly recommend.
But a fast self conscious
Helps you perfect your Naruto run
Well definitely not a Chriszilla movie
Honestly, would you expect anything less?
The green screen work is amazing.
RT If you’re hiring a Developer Advocate (or similar role) post the job link below. I know way too many individuals looking fo…
Wow.
It's so fucking good.
Holy Shit. #DunePart2
Well fuck. Sorry to hear about #1, and if I can help in the search, it you just want to chat, let me know. On #2, exciting! Can't wait to watch! Great job spearheading the project.
I can't say enough about Tim and what he brings to every department in your company with his leadership, experience, and empathy. You should snatch him up before someone else does.
You want to hire Taylor before someone else does. She is an amazing person with a great voice in DevRel, Dev Marketing, Product, and so much more.
Oh shit Taylor! I'm sorry to hear this. Too many companies making shortsighted decisions with amazing, key people and positions. Let me know if there is anything I can do for you or if you just want to chat.
RT hire Taylor
RT 🤝 Meet your next #DevOps mentor, collaborator, or friend at #DevOpsDaysKC! Don't miss Early Bird prices ($149.99) which e…
Can confirm.
I was just called "normal"
Aww thanks! Yeah the design team over there did a great job, and those mugs are awesome. Wish I had kept one before leaving.
Coming up April 23 in Miami, I'll be speaking at #Infobip #ShiftMiami on "#DeveloperExperience is crucial to DevOps Success". Grab a ticket at 25% off with discount code "Jerdog" at #DevEx #DevOps
RT Last year, I wrote about ways to support women developers (tips that apply to all marginalized groups) #WeCoded #DEVCommun…
RT I love college football. But you know what else I love? Americans staying healthy and alive. The rule of law. Science. Free…
It would seem the Swamp Fix drank all the booze before this video
Brilliant Ian... Just brilliant.
Definitely needs an adult.
RT ❌ "I build communities." ✅ “I help customers support and educate each other at scale.” ✅ “I design social experiences th…
RT
RT We have #KubeConEU tickets to give away, and we want to hear from you. Share your biggest CI/CD win or your biggest CI/CD fai…
Ahh yeah, Texas.
Dang... I need that monitor. And the head. But also the monitor.
I'm so glad that COVID-19 was gone by Easter. #trumpplague
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: One Rehearsal Away from Touching Asteroid Bennu -
RT
RT This is everything
RT Stealing an election and then wanting a giant sculpture of your big stupid face carved on stolen land is the most Trump…
RT Mount Rushmore is just 4 giant white dudes staring down at you. It’s like if mansplaining were a landmark.
Oh no I get that, and I totally admit to over-generalising. I grew up a hard-line GOP kid and drank and made the Kool-Aid.
Maybe all those "constitutional conservatives" and "fiscal conservatives" and "liberty lovers" and "character matters" and "&lt;insert stupid GOP thing here&gt;"and such that I grew up with were just full of crap... 🤔
After just attending a birthday party where my family were the only ones wearing masks and actually distancing and multiple social circles converged, this is 100% spot on. America is screwed.
Probably replicating the way you were sleeping
I'm here for this Brandon
RT Trump’s Executive Orders are Unconstitutional. He has no legal basis, whatsoever, to unilaterally re-write Tax Law.
You're saying he wouldn't enjoying skydiving? Who are you to judge?
Rude.
Good info here for the coming school year
RT To folks recently comparing Trump to Teddy Roosevelt. TR did not like those who dodged their military duty, hid in bunker…
I can see it now.... 🤣
RT Guys, under the president's unemployment plan, nobody gets the $300 in federal aid unless their state agrees to come up with…
RT 🤡 This defunds Medicare. 🤡 This defunds Social Security. 🤡 Tax collection is just deferred. 🤡 You’ll still owe these t…
Bowling for pigeons can be arranged...
RT I find it necessary to reach for the language and colorful colloquialisms of my native land, New Jersey, in order to e…
"If you can dodge a car, you can dodge a ball."
Watching "Dodgeball" with the kids for the first time, and it holds up. Also, the dodgeball training scene with the wrenches, cars, etc still makes me giggle uncontrollably.
"I found that if you have a goal, you might not reach it. But if you don't have one, then you are never disappointed." #FamilyMovieNight #Dodgeball #DevRelMetrics
"Remember, dodgeball is a game of violence, exclusion, and degradation." #FamilyMovieNight
😢❤️ love you all and hugs to you Ember!
This is the proverbial "let them eat cake"
RT
My Taskin ONE finally arrived... And now there's no travel.... (╯ರ ~ ರ)╯︵ ┻━┻
COVID-19 hair really got you
Lol yep. Things are WILD here
We pay for postage... I wouldn't call it a tax as much as payment for a service. You last statement is correct.
I wondered if you'd catch that... An exit plan I fear is in the cards
Yeah... The bastion of democracy, freedom, and free and fair elections is faltering
This is voter suppression, at an institutional level
RT Anyone who thinks Jerry Falwell Jr just got “fired” doesn’t understand how Liberty University (or white evangelicalism…
Still....
Also... From the replies this probably doesn't apply to figs that are processed and eaten, only certain strains.
You keep them how you get them
Oh yes...
This story is riveting... A must read.
Tough one - but this hits
I mean... I'll happily volunteer for human testing
RT
Spot on. There's not much else you need FFS.
I certainly try to avoid purposely having a nightmare...
Just going to put this out there... regardless of if your conference is a virtual one by default or moved that way due to COVID-19, it doesn't signal good things if you're still charging full price for sponsorship _and_ you're giving sponsors a digital tonne of free tickets 🤔
You will be missed! Thanks for all you have done, and good luck on the next thing!
RT In episode 2 of Developer Love, speaks with of They discuss nurturing inclusivity in…
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Hubble Sees Near and Far -
Yeah... Whiney boy got his feelings hurt.
Some info....
RT 2020 Back to school outfits
It's been 7 years since I've been home this much
😢💚
RT Facebook has removed hundreds of accounts from a foreign troll farm posing as African-American Trump supporters and QAnon…
Just wait....
OH: "I'm expecting to start my period next week, we need ice cream." &lt;/me gives oldest son the look to not say anything&gt; ...... ...... Son: "I'm expecting to start my period tomorrow, can we get ice cream."
RT
I mean... OK. I can take a sheet cake of those. But putting " beef" in the name? Why?
I'm sorry.... what?!?!
Open Source clown cars... Sounds about right
Ok Austin.
RT Build on CircleCI faster than ever using our Jenkinsfile converter to migrate your projects:
Thoughts and Prayers. #thoughtsandprayers
This is great news!!!
A great lineup here for Trajectory
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: A Starry Sky Above the Earth's Atmospheric Glow -
So sorry for your loss Sasha. I can't imagine what you're going through. 😢
RT Today is the 55th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act––one of the crowning achievements of our democracy. But once the Su…
This explains your mood in the mornings
RT
A lifetime friendship was permanently forged at that moment. Which, coincidentally, is how heroes and villain's link together. ┐( ˘_˘)┌
I still haven't watched it... Will probably start it Monday
What the....
RT A thing of beauty.
Also...
Maybe she's gotten the names mixed up on her phone again?
She's used that about me a few times, enough that I've taken it personal
RT
When becoming a Software Engineer, it is true you can only choose 3 of these. Choose wisely.
Laptop case - then when it's full I put the case on the wall and start fresh
RT
It's always more fun to watch a shitshow with friends
Wow... 🥺
And no one wants that
Vrooommmmmm
And what did we learn from the experiment?
RT
Couldn't go up, could it? Do eggs multiply?
All, good ol' Hatch Act violations
Something... something... exercise ball... expertly unspilled glass(es) of wine
RT Thinking today about this famous quote from Macbeth: "It is a tale, told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying not…
This is such great news.
RT COVID Update August 4: We’re being asked to swallow an extraordinary amount of bullshit. The following things are not true.…
I'll take "Animal Crossing Hacked - All Progress Erased"... It's the only way I'm ever going to be able to join in on the game.
With 20 lies in just the first 5:47 of the interview, this thread is a doozy.
RT We have a free #devrel training session with this Tuesday August 4th. Join Mary for two hours of "Developing DevR…
RT Yesterday the Census Bureau confirmed that all #2020Census counting efforts will end early, by September 30. This prematu…
Some more context..
This is so good to hear!
RT Day 38 of presidential silence on #BountyGate. That's it. That's the tweet.
RT We are four weeks away from the seventh annual DevOpsDays Chicago! DevOpsDays Chicago 2020 will have everything you lov…
RT
Totally makes the Green Lantern movie... Or... No. It doesn't.
When someone wonders about the "Future of DevOps", what do you think about? What comes to mind?
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Outbursts from a Double Star System -
So... A change in direction?
This is the type of questioning and facts presentation we should be seeing... Good job Jonathan
DevOps is really about to go to bed early
RT America First ™
4 years ago... Still rings true today
RT OK, let’s compromise. No mail-in ballots. Let’s go with absentee voting instead. #ArtOfTheDeal
#SaveTheUSPS
RT It has been FIVE WEEKS since we first learned about Putin paying for the lives of our soldiers. Donald Trump has done…
I was #100,626! Didn't realise I was that "early" to the party!
I've been using Netlify and in celebration of them welcoming 1 million developers, I found my unique spot! I'm number #100,626! You can find yours too! via
My wife has a llama our kids got her that has a small plant in it.. resembles Carl from Llamas with Hats.
We used to put Milk Duds in it during parties, but with COVID I decided it needed put to a better use
I thought so... Was going to clean the dirt off, and decided it was perfect.
Toilet Cactus is thriving in this COVID world
New Infrastructure as Code (#IaC) series
RT When implementing security, what is your main goal? 🔐 #DevOps #DevSecOps
RT #opensource is NOT about code, it’s about people Just leaving that there 👆 #DevRel
And cannabis in their cough syrup
My favourite community forum is Discourse, and Jono has some good thoughts on reading the stats
Heh yeah I saw those! I stay off of Etsy at all costs
Looks like the David Rose one is about a month until delivery on Amazon, but I've ordered mine.
OH EM GEEEEEE! I want a David doll! Those are amazing!
RT
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew Dragon Endeavour Lifted Aboard Recovery Ship -
RT When something is working — you don’t change it. Wearing masks and social distancing is working. No indoor crowds is work…
"2 weeks" is Trump's filler phrase... And it is always a lie
Enter Testing in Production
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Crew Dragon Safely Returns Astronauts -
Crew Dragon Safely Returns Astronauts via NASA
This 🧵 clearly identifies the one thing we all can do
RT You actually can't get pregnant if you never take a pregnancy test.
Sounds all too familiar. Btw, I have started using gutter nails. They're steel, and pointy, and never bend.
Ummm
This thread sure rings home
The live version of "Sound of Silence" that did on is another level of mastery with the vocals cutting to the heart so smoothly and in sync with the orchestra.
Never ceasing to bring tears to my eyes, and causing me to stay up late listening to it, cover of Simon &amp; Garfunkel's "Sound of Silence" is pure musical genius and just stunningly amazing imagery in the video.
So... The Murder Hornets are still around, and it's getting close to breeding season... Yay. First 'murder hornet' trapped in Washington state - CNN
It's so despicable... Infuriating and sickening.
RT COVID Update August 1: I suggested that the US consider the option of throwing every resource at defeating the virus for 4 we…
The glories of git
Makes me a 10x developer
Yep. I use 4, maybe 5 or 6, Git commands. Ever.
Nothing to see here, just me practicing for my Ignite talk at #DevOpsDaysCHI #DevOps Register and come here me blather on about my days as a 20yr old Network Admin, and why I should never be asked to help you build a deck.
I'm going to ask the obvious question... Why?
Aren't they just infrastructure as code?
This thread answers so many questions
This Administration violates the Hatch Act for breakfast
Hey now... I'm finally wearing clothes I haven't in awhile because I ran out of conference garb. So they're "clean-ish"...
The things he wants to get rid of and those he doesn't speak volumes
Stole it from a hotel pre-pandemic.
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew Dragon As It Approached the Space Station -
RT Trump is tougher on teens and than he is on Putin.
RT
RT If you read one thing today, let it be this piece by
RT "Impeachment exposed Trump’s corruption, but the confluence of a pandemic, a financial crisis and the stoking of societal…
OH: "I remember a time when Sharknado seemed surreal. Now it seems possible."
RT Anyone else watched Obama’s eulogy for John Lewis more than once just to hear a functioning adult speak for a change?
RT
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Liftoff to the Red Planet! -
RT The Secret of Engaging Communities with JONO BACON (Author at Forbes and Harvard Business Review) -
A couple things here: 1) why is he hogging the umbrella? 2) he _knows_ how mail in ballots work (your identity is confirmed and only one ballot per person gets generated and accepted, and they only go out to registered voters, i.e. US CITIZENS!!!!).
RT I saved my company 100k a month by switching from AWS to Localhost! 💪🏻💻🤳🏻
RT I met then Uncomfortable Conversations met #TheOprahConversation. This question challenged me, but my answer ma…
Yes. They also are never in the same place twice.
This will be a good session for #devrel metrics
Yes. This is accurate. Or that whisk, or the muffin pan, or the pasta fork.
Have you _seen_ kids work in the kitchen?
RT Join our Technical Community Manager, while she explores the CircleCI CLI in 5 minutes!
RT Important: This new calling feature is ENABLED by default and will reveal your IP address to your callers! To opt out, go to…
I'll be raking in the residuals for decades to come
Oh wow! Just watched the trailer, which looks amazing, but this got me rolling 🤣😂
Wait! A TV show? I think this has a LOT of potential!
So my friend and I are looking at some cool things to do around #DevEx and some emerging technologies like a hangout / meetup at #SCaLE21x - who's gonna be around?
RT Lord, grant me the confidence of an LLM with a hallucinated world view
RT We're counting down the days to #DevOpsDaysKC on May 15-16! Here's the breakdown: 1️⃣3️⃣ - the number of days left to get…
RT JSR is now in public beta - we invite everyone to sign up and try it out today! Read more about JSR (including a deep dive tuto…
Question for #DevEx twitter... How did you determine the current set of tools that you use at work? And by "tools" that could be anything that you use to perform your job function. Would appreciate any additional thoughts you may have around your answer Appreciate RTs 💪
Yeah - I tend to talk with my hands and my ADHD brain doesn't usually handle the proverbial 🐿️ running across the screen very well
This dog is ONLY a good dog
These are going to be some amazing talks! Can't wait for #devNexus
Tomorrow, Thurs 28 Feb @ 11:30a PT, I'll be virtually giving the talk I was planning on giving in-person at #DevWeek2024 (stupid COVID), and you can catch it for FREE with the following code: Talk:
Oh yeah, it's happening.
YESSSS! Congrats Lori! I'll see you there!
One of my favourite airports in the world to fly into, #SLC, if only for the beautiful mountains that ring the city
RT The fact that a cop thought the best way to deal with a person on fire was to point a gun at them tells you pretty much everyt…
RT It's finally here!! 🏎️🤩🍾 Can't believe it's drop day for the video I made with &amp; about o…
RT We'll have some really awesome food options at #DevOpsDays KC this year, with some great, local support from who w…
Another good, needed episode from
RT We must protect the United States Postal Service.
Yeah... You don't want to be accused of doing a thing? Maybe don't do that thing!
RT FACTS about voting: 1. Trump doesn't have the power to delay the election 2. Only .00006% cases of mail ballot fraud out o…
LOLWUT? You've just made a public statement that you don't want women saying they won't share the stage with an abuser and asking to be told if someone is. What if she had said she won't share a stage with a fascist, and if someone on the stage is one to let her know? Is that ok?
You choose who you want to be associated with. We make personal judgements and choices all of the time and determine whether or not we will do something based on who's there. Why is it any different when a woman says they choose not to be around someone? It's hypocritical.
The person being abused, that's who. We have a long history as a society of _NEVER_ believing women when they say they have been abused &amp; look where that's gotten us! If a man doesn't want to be accused as an abuser, maybe, I don't know, don't act like or be an abuser. Simple.
And, why does that matter what you think here? She's neither judge, jury, or executioner. She's merely standing up for her ability to cognitively make decisions herself, and choosing not to associate herself with an abuser. Does that threaten or affect you in some way?
I'm done with "Well that's just hearsay". I believe the abused. I will not share a stage with an abuser. I #BelieveWomen
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: A Different View of the Mars Perseverance Launch -
RT The U.S. Postal Service is experiencing days-long backlogs of mail after the Trump donor running the agency put in place…
RT Trump decries mail in voting, but praises absentee voting by mail, claiming only the former poses grave fraud risk. Huh? O…
Could this be the pinnacle of Cassidy's brilliance, or the ascendency of one of the greats to even greater heights? 🤯
RT John Lewis asked The NYT to publish this on the day of his funeral. It is necessary reading. He writes, “When you see somethin…
Update: Read "Peace Talks" and it's fantastic! has got his hands full.
Hmm... This couldn't have anything to do with it now would it?
RT USPS IS A PUBLIC SERVICE NOT A BUSINESS USPS IS A PUBLIC SERVICE NOT A BUSINESS USPS IS A PUBLIC SERVICE NOT A BUSINES…
Sending the virtual hug to you friend
Men are simple and dumb.
This needs to be your next TikTok
RT John believed that in all of us, there exists the capacity for great courage and a longing to do what’s right. We are so l…
RT To prepare the Orbit Model for the next wave of communities 🌊 we've opened an RFC that lays out some proposed changes and t…
10k TikToker you are!
RT President Obama: “When we do form a more perfect union — whether it's years from now, or decades, or even if it takes another…
I still have quite a few of those...
Seems less extreme, and more necessary. 😀
This'll be fun!
RT In the midst of a civil war, one that for Americans was the deadliest armed conflict in history, 150,000 Union soldiers vot…
RT We will NOT be delaying the election.
RT - War is not a game - Twitch is a popular platform for children FAR under the age of military recruitment rules - We should not co…
RT
RT John spent his entire life fighting for justice and equality––and now he has left behind his marching orders for all of us…
RT #TheGoodPlace season 4 bloopers!
Crossbows and katanas. That's all you need.
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Mars Perseverance: Prepared for Launch to the Red Planet -
I'm here for this content. Followed.
RT This isn’t just racist. It’s factually wrong. I was a part of a city council that required developers to blend market-rate…
I feel like both and need in on this one
Is Pivotal diversifying again?
Use Google Translation API on your business data
RT I don't care how long Trump is in office, I can't get used to the fact that the President of the United States is not att…
RT
RT The RedMonk Programming Language Rankings: June 2020
RT We’re proud to sponsor the upcoming 2020 State of DevOps Report. The survey is open now through August 21st and we hope you’l…
It's almost like they're just proving the importance of masks.... 🤭🤔
So mean.....
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Countdown to Mars -
So glad you could join us!
RT AP sources: Russia behind spread of virus disinformation, US officials say
Nah, Hulu
Seemed like an Austinite conspiracy
Damn... And to think I almost chose "what"
I'd put that on my laptop
I have to say I would watch both of these with either or #devopspartygames
The jokes just write themselves on #devopspartygames
YAML should be added to every single service… #devopspartygames
I believe this is Twitter strategy… #devopspartygames
What did you do #devopspartygames
What is the difference? #devopspartygames
RT LMAO some great stuff already coming from the #devopspartygames
Drawing of "devsecops" on Episode 2 of #devopspartygames #Drawful2
Reminder: When streaming on Twitch with a “Stream is starting soon” splash screen, make sure to mute your audio.
Agree with this thread... Reagan, and the GOP of the 80s (prior to Gingrich and the Moral Majority and Fox News) would be repulsed and disgusted by Trump and the MAGAt cult.
So you can do better.
A Google Calendar link? You now have no excuse to miss tonight's #devopspartygames
RT NEW: The Reagan Foundation -- which runs the Reagan Library -- has issued a warning to the Trump campaign and the RNC: Quit r…
Totally well-deserved for this amazing show.
‘A cesspool of deviancy’: New claims of voyeurism test Jordan denials via
RT It's National Vote By Mail Day. Voting by mail is easy and safe. Take a few minutes to request your vote-by-mail ballot, t…
Fantastic for #SchittsCreek !!! So well-deserved!
RT Tune in tomorrow night at 8 PM CT for the next episode of #devopspartygames, featuring
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Jezero Crater, Landing Site for the Mars Perseverance Rover -
This 🧵➡️ 😂
TFW you're back to work after a week off
HTC Desire
As a Midwesterner, what am I missing?
RT Hi What is the process to petition you to monitor the election process of a country?
He's famously uncoordinated and unathletic and has turned down (from what I have heard) many requests over the years because of that. Might have something to do with his small hands and obesity.
I didn't say Moderna lied. They did enter final trials. But it ain't coming soon &amp; it won't be available for the masses, only the rich &amp; powerful. The flu vaccine is a different animal and completely different from developing/testing a new vaccine to a novel coronavirus.
Because he's lying, just like all the other times he opens his mouth. Modena's vaccine is in final stages, but still a long ways off. And if you believe that a country that still can't do contact tracing or expand testing is going to magically be able to distribute a vaccine.....
Congrats mate! Excited for the great stuff you're going to do, and you get to work with my great friend !!
Today's inspirational Image of the Day: Carrying a Telescope Aloft -
4-6 weeks. That's all it takes to do what every other nation has done when presented with COVID-19... We are constantly 4-6 weeks away from kicking this thing. Read this 🧵
RT Meanwhile, European soccer leagues just finished their seasons without incident after re-starting in May/June and are p…
Barr is the biggest threat to American Democracy right now as Trump is powerless. This thread is not alarmist, it is reality.
RT We're planning ahead for our next few episodes and want to hear from you! Which of these topics are you most intereste…
RT John Oliver takes down Fox News's Sean Hannity for focusing on petty infractions as proof of the downfall of American society…
With such a stern, discerning look no less! Great job Ember!
RT I have a joke, but I’m lying.
RT Tom Cotton says slavery was a “necessary evil” to build America. Strong disagree there, Tom. Seems like, in retrospect…
#IWillVote
Here's hoping!
RT We're 100 days away from Election Day and there is too much at stake to sit this one out. Now's a good time to make sure y…
Ain't that the truth
I have a joke about CI/CD, but it failed with the test audience
Heh seems a year doesn't go by that there isn't at least one CVE against it
Webmin
RT “Look, we’re just a right-wing for-profit-news outlet; we don’t actually BELIEVE the disinformation we produce &amp; deliver…
Proud to call #KansasCity home
Good to see things are still familiar
Oh it _is_ how you do it
RT Vancouver: $5,000 to anyone who returns this bear to Mara. Zero questions asked. I think we all need this bear to come…
RT Listen to how and from describe their group of correspondents and how they use them to bes…
Maybe they are a bit sadistic and just destroyed the puzzle their kids spent days on?
RT 7,100 people just died from COVID in a single day. We can’t really be numb to that, can we?
We are actually looking at that for next year
Camp Laramie Peak, Wyoming
So Twitter, after a week of relative isolation at Boy Scout camp, I'm back. What did I miss?
RT Mask on. Seatbelt on. This is the way. But remember to keep your nose covered. That is actually the way.
RT There is an urgent necessity for Congress and the media to investigate if there are ANY security contractors deployed…
RT No universal healthcare or free education in the USA because it would destroy the primary recruiting levers for the military. Pl…
Node 2019: Nine months on #devrel
Community and Empathy #devrel
Love and Animal Crossing in the Time of Covid-19 #devrel
Lending Privilege #devrel
I just had Kale Parmesan soup at Boy Scout Camp. It was good. Now I'm questioning everything. Have I gone down the rabbit hole / ?
Dave Grohl hits the nail on the head in the need to defend our teachers. #BetsyDeVos is useless and is betraying our schools, teachers, administrators, staff, and students.
RT Americans deserve a president that takes responsibility.
This is a game I can get behind.
Get hired in DevRel with advice from our esteemed speakers! #devrel
That checks out
This 🧵
RT I had no idea this would be his last public appearance. What an honor it was to capture this moment for him. May he res…
RT OH: “You’re missing the point of this WhatsApp group if you’re just going to put your most egregious hot takes on twitter…
RT For people that say they want guns to prevent it, conservatives sure do love them some government tyranny.
Seems about right.
Got to see the comet last night in the Badlands. Looking forward to seeing it in Wyoming. Pics taken with Night Sight on the #OnePlus7T.
RT Trump is building his wall — just not the one he promised.
RT So this appears to be real. Restricted airspace order over Portland for “national defense” reasons? I’m no expert on FAA regs…
Another ridiculous and leading survey from and Trump
We lost a legend. #RIPJohnLewis
Oh most definitely
RT For the gajillionth time: your employer is not your “family” and your coworkers are not “siblings.” Run away from companies…
Saw my first Trump shop in Wall, South Dakota... Selling illegal US Flags seems on point
Or what is it about those 8?
Yeah and makes me think there were other checks in place on the verified accounts in the back end that the attackers couldn't get past?
Thankfully it seems verified accounts weren't in the data extract...
RT 🖋 Sign “Honor John Lewis - Pass HR 4” and I’ll deliver a copy to your officials: 📨 No. 963 is f…
Wear the dang mask people
RT Summary of our letter to Barr and Wolf: Your authoritarian police state is not welcome here. Get out of Oregon.
Good luck Brandon! Get some refreshment and take care of yourself, and if you need someone to bounce ideas off of or just to vent let me know!
RT He risked his life so that the country could be better. Thank you for teaching us about “good trouble,” Congressman.…
RT People are insufficiently alarmed at what is happening in Portland with unmarked, armed men led by a seemingly jittery and…
This is not understated.... Welcome to the Authoritarian Police State Trump has wanted and been strategizing towards since Day 1.
So I'm stuck with ordering direct then.
Challenge. Accepted.
RT That is exactly what this is.
#RIPJohnLewis
RT . Get your DHS lackey and uninvited paramilitary actions out of my state. Our communities are not a st…
The pettiness knows no bounds. Clinton and Bush have both spoken out against Trump and Obama's portrait won't be unveiled during Trump's term.
RT This would be obscenely stupid, but it's a reminder to everyone that there are no throwaway votes on election day. These…
Well I guess I know what I am going to be buying and having delivered
I'm not driving. I'm navigating and tweeting.
Where can I buy these glorious cookies?
Driving there now. And I'm bored.
And sometimes you just gotta punch them in the dick.
What they said.
I hear Popeye's has great apple slices and peanut butter
RT Portland Oregon. The Governor of Oregon should deploy the State Police and the National Guard to arrest on site any h…
RT Chris Wallace just Trumped Trump
Plus the whole article is fake
RT PASSION IS A USELESS METRIC PASSION IS A USELESS METRIC PASSION IS A USELESS METRIC PASSION IS A USELESS METRIC PASSION IS…
Second episode of #DevOpsPartyGames is coming July 28 at 8PM CT! Check out another great lineup at
RT I'm going live on to talk about begin a beginner with devtools, set up my first project, and answe…
And yet... I kinda want him to try...
Grab a cup of coffee and relax
RT Join live today at 10am PDT for CircleCI basics, beginner orbs, and a healthy dose of silliness 🤓👑🦄
Ahh I think you're good.
Which list? 🤪
The last 20sec of the video got all blurry, I think his autofocus broke, can someone tell me what happened? ❤️😭
Steve can't have _all_ the fun....
RT There's a certain irony to someone who gives keynotes about collaborating being actually the literal worst at working wit…
Everyone knows it was me. I'm the asshole.
You get added to the dick punch list (yes, I have one) when you pull sociopathic shit, especially to friends I know and love.
OH: "I invented a soccer position for myself when I was in PE because I didn't want to be there. It was 'goalie's assistance'" ME: "Umm... isn't that just the defender?"
RT Registration is now open for DevOpsDays Chicago 2020! See you on September 1st!
This is just too good not to reshare!
RT As we announced recently, the open source project that powers is now called Today we took…
When hiring based on passion, you're using a subjective feeling of the perception of someone else's emotion. This can be misread often as much as influenced by your own feelings.
Been in this exact spot 4 times over the last 13 years, and it chills me every time - even now as I look at the picture. #NeverForget #NeverAgain
I'm scared.
I feel like that was already established?
So you're saying Cameron caused 2020?
I thought that random bit of characters looked familiar
"Danger" to "whom" though?
Every parent knows
Nah, but it should fix the Twitter issue.
Right? Like, this wasn't even an interview. This was direct from "We received your application" to "We reviewed your application and no thanks", but Five and a half months.
Even though I'm not looking at new roles, gotta love it when you get a rejection for a job you applied for, FIVE AND A HALF months later.
It's a scavenger hunt for his birthday 🎂
Happy Birthday to a good friend,
Top shelf right there 👌😂
Fantastic episode of #ScreamingInTheCloud with - well worth a listen to explore the cool things being worked on over at
RT Jon Stewart's response to the question: "Is TV dying?" #AfterTheCut
It goes on....
Lol yeah took a moment, but I'll definitely look into this CFP
RT CFP is open. Come to Berlin and hang out with me, and more!!
RT Wait for the reaction..
Thu June 27, 10p-1a, at Ultra VIP room... tambourine included
RT What a self own. You, , are all effectively saying that it is inconceivable that various minorities a…
Put it on 2.5x speed and it'll be perfect
I do indeed
RT Don't forget to RSVP for our February #DevOps KC Meetup next week, Feb 27 @ 530p, with We will also food and drink…
Honoured to have been part of the Program Committee for #OSSummit 2024 North America #cdCon
What in the actual fuck?
RT Putting a baby in a freezer would kill it, but freezing embryos keeps them alive. That's why an embryo isn't a baby. Hop…
You're welcome
No. That day.
RT This deleted scene from Idiocracy stinks
That's my next step.
RT Today I announced that I will issue an executive order to delay opening schools until after the Labor Day holiday. The a…
Your barbarian name is "Dream-Crusher"
Rich... I'm trying not to be viewed as a barbarian
I've reached that part of COVID where I drink straight from the Coke Zero 2L bottle in my office.
Hell no... If they can't read, that's not your problem.
The badassery in this thread needs to be celebrated
TFW when someone's sharing their full desktop on a Zoom meeting instead of the actual window
Oh right... I forgot that. So both Guinness and have contributed to your growth over the last few years. You're welcome.
That was also when you, the Irishman, was introduced to for the first time in your life by me, the American.
Gosh what a motley crew....
Look at you, all (mostly) growed up!!
I worked in a variety of tech roles, from Tech Support, Network/System Admin, to Application &amp; Database Developer, to Project &amp; Program Manager, to Business &amp; Systems Analysis, and then found myself already doing DevRel and Community, and here I've been the last 6+ years
I also just learned that there's a graphic novel series (Sons of Ares) which is a prequel to the Red Rising series
Hah, you're right! I just took what showed in Google and didn't recognise that Book 3 (Morning Star) wasn't on there... Iron Gold and Dark Age are awesome, and the next one is supposed to be coming next year.
RT The latest data offers a tragic reminder that the virus doesn’t care about spin or ideology––and that the best thing we ca…
Resist the urge to get the action lowered (bringing the strings closer to the fretboard) until you've been able to play chords and such. Builds up finger strength, and when you do get the action lowered, you'll be amazed.
That's not a bad starter tbh... Alvarez has also always been a good starter guitar.
Pierce Brown's Red Rising Saga is awesome
RT It’s been 122 days since Breonna Taylor was murdered in her own home. The officers who killed her are still walking free.…
No you have to see the result of good actions instead of reward inaction.
Abolish the death penalty.
DevRelCon Earth 2020 – Join the Unconf! #devrel
I must have missed a lightning talk somewhere that had someone laying out reasons I would be thought of as a grown-up.
WTAF...... Silicon Valley done lost it
I honestly thought that was the Unconference before the conference
Yeah.. don't remind me. 😟😥😢
I would go to this conference
I deleted none. You're definitely winning.
This. 'Nuff said.
And wonderful Dev Advocate hands they are
And an extra helping for me as well
You're right. Monster-in-Chief is more appropriate.
Enjoy the prime example of what _not_ to do with surveys
Yep. They are.
Ahh... The Child-in-Chief has some interesting, leading survey questions.
Don't play with my emotions...
It's been great doing these and really looking forward to the ones we have planned in the future!
Oh thank Harry Dresden!!!!
But you did install it, right?
Live streaming... Damn autocorrect and not being able to edit tweets
RT Of course teachers and families are afraid.
Yep, Streamyard is amazing and IMO fits just about every use case that a #devrel team probably has for love streaming.
Wait.. wait.... You can't just give that throwaway bit of info without context, then the full story, and tales of your badassery.
Yes, all things considered. However, never get between a momma bear and her cubs. Wise words to live by before you become the lead story in the next Reader's Digest.
This is insane... I would legit be bailing and changing my underwear because you know that momma is just around the corner.
RT Masks are pro-life.
Scrubs had so many of those moments... Miss it (not the last 2 seasons)
Dude, it hits hard. And sudden.
Mine are two episodes of Scrubs, "My Screw Up" and "My Catalyst", with guest stars (Brendan Fraser and Michael J. Fox, respectively) being the main characters. I cry every time.
Are you saying they don't have room for more family? Kinda judgemental, don't you think?
Training my eyes on
I thought that was YAML?
Who in the UK or EU wants to adopt me and my family so we can get dual citizenship?
So Trump sets convicted felons free and then threatens to institute, in effect, martial law? Can't wait to see what libertarians have to say about this.
That's so awesome!
Either of them in EMEA and maybe interested in Developer Advocacy?
NY is the model for how to get out from under this pandemic.
RT We have seen the death by infection &amp; by suicide of so many many New York health care workers, one of whom saw 40 ICU visitor…
Trump in 2016: "I'll hire all the best people." #winning
#SaveThePostalService
Less bugs
Think about all the ways this logic can be used! No pregnancy tests, fewer pregnancies!
Still waiting for my 12-yr old to fold his a first time
RT Do you want to help us improve Orbs? Now's your chance to be part of a beta group of Orb developers who will help influence t…
RT Voting by mail shouldn't be a partisan issue––especially during a pandemic. Everybody should be able to request an absente…
RT We need some NRA-style messaging on COVID. “COVID doesn’t kill people. People who refuse to wear masks kill people.”
I'm listening... Who is it?
RT me defending my decision to move our system to kubernetes after reading 3 articles on it
As a fan of Washington growing up, I wholeheartedly agree with this move.
RT Barr’s cover story that he sought to remove SDNY US Attorney Berman because the Administration wanted to give the slot to…
Pie. Always pie.
#ITrustFauci
RT We were too busy prepping and preparing for the rise of the planet of the apes that we never stopped to consider the damned be…
You need to get out of the house. With a mask on, but get out.
You mean Brexiter, Herpes, Anti-Mask? Sounds right.
LET'S GO #SportingKC !!!
RT The White House is orchestrating a hit job on Dr. Fauci because Dr. Fauci does his best to tell the truth. Science is ha…
I can get behind all of this
Big question though... or ?
I'm listening.....
Bingo.
If I am connected to this person please DM me and I will rectify that in short order. So sorry you've had to deal with this.
Happy Birthday mate!
RT This is the Trump legacy.
It is deliciousness without the authoritarian with the weird grin judging you while you eat
RT You know why I’m giving you a dirty look with my mask on?
Mesa Verde is awesome. Enjoy!
Had me some Malt-O-Meal Collosal Berry Crunch in honour of this tweet. Delicious.
BREAKING: Kool-Aid man spotted in Florida waters
I hate to be the one to tell you this, but it hasn't been that in a while now.
Nice! I've wanted an air fryer for awhile, but already have too many kitchen appliances (???) and might lose my cooking privileges if I buy another
Really good 🧵on the criminal Stone
Those look really good... Which fryer, how did you prepare them, and how long did you cook them?
RT History will show that it was not impossible for a Republican to stand up to this president. It was just difficult, and no…
Totally agree. Oddest thing though was seeing a Taco Bell in Bogota.
That's the only way they go away right?
#AlicetheBeagle and #BeagleBrisket are enjoying a lazy Saturday evening
Don't have one of those fancy pour overs? Try this instead via and
Like straight there without passing GO
RT created an episode dedicated to the history of the growth of executive power; it’s a good…
RT Yes, Trump is the worst-case scenario of the folks who wrote our constitution. He has no honor. He lies. He is brazen. Bu…
Quarantine would have swelled the ranks of food jail
Trying a bit hard on that one...
And went on a huge following spree of everyone who have self-identified as being in #DevOps. Glad I've kept that relatively to myself.
It does seem to be a coincidence that the account started up after #devopspartygames
They are bad no matter how you dress them up. They might "belong" in an English breakfast, but I always leave them on the plate.
Those are ok in a full English, and I will give you that. However, I don't like them there either.
I am beside myself on those monstrosities you posted..... Fried okra is good.... Pork and beans on anything is not. Full stop.
They've never changed, err settled. Stories could be told 🤩🤪
Josh's tweets are great! I love that Twitter account as well...
Yeah for sure. 6 Underground was Michael Bay at his unrestrained and was fun for that and Ryan Reynolds. I would totally watch another one.
RT Can tomorrow be November?
Seriously... is amazing in this
Just watched #TheOldGuard and it just might be the best movie that Netflix has produced.
Spot on
All of this is correct, *IF* we had Senate Republicans that had a pair of balls and would honor their Constitutional commitments.
OMG!!!
Nope. Let it grow long and keep swirling it higher. 🤩
Yup.
Like - I hate to agree with Ann... which tells me her account must have been hacked and I am therefore agreeing with the person who hacked it and posted this. There's no other explanation.
Also known as Russian aluminium businesses with ties to Putin
So... while she's not wrong, I have a couple questions here: ❓Has anyone checked on Ann lately? Has her account been hacked? ⁉️Did I miss a Bizarre World exit somewhere?
Congrats on what you've accomplished there, and to your next adventure!
Thank Walter for me for this. I needed a good laugh.
Ok so I know I am digging up an old thread... but I just _now_ became aware of this....
Accurate representation...
Will this July 9 be like a recent July 9?
Or could it be that no one was going to show up?
Let me see if I got this right... #BunkerBaby postpones a rally due to a storm, but won't for a pandemic which has killed (checks notes) over a 135k Americans and is highly contagious and dangerous. Am I missing something? Maybe he's worried about himself more than Americans?
RT Didn't get a chance to see open source community expert 's webinar on building community? Don't worry, we ha…
I would wager they don't even see it as sliminess. Instead they see it in everyone else but themselves.
Right? Like I'm trying to think of cartoon villain's they resemble and I can't... They're that bad
Isn't that just a TikTok video?
I didn't take the full screen shot, but I'm ok with this
The Cowpies will one of these days dry out
Either put it at the street and see who picks it up, or take it here and get some money
Wait until you hear my opinion on sports teams
You know...
Kansas City BBQ. The best in the world.
Kansas City?
Kumbaya
Narrator: #GymJordan let kids be abused and did nothing. #mattgaetzisatool and let's his Daddy get him out of DUIs.
RT Uncomfortable Conversations with a Black Man. FT: Enjoy &amp; SHARE!…
What a gem is!
That is funny. They are missing cows, pigs, that lone tree, a bunch of deer, and an amazing collection of restaurants and coffee shops.
Jess have a great presentation on Dev Advocacy
#Community is the long game
And another
Mnuchin runs that.
Good summary
As I understand it, Trump filed to block them from being released to SDNY and Congress under Article II and the Supremacy Clause, and the IRS held that Congress had no right to them as well via subpoenas.
RT SCOTUS: "Article II &amp; the Supremacy Clause do not categorically preclude, or require a heightened standard for, the issuan…
RT “We reaffirm that principle today and hold that the President is neither absolutely immune from state criminal subpoenas se…
It's not him - it's the IRS that has to release them now.
HOLY SH!TTTTTT!! Trump is going to be _very_ pissy at being told he isn't above the law by the highest Court in the land...
RT Doctors, nurses &amp; hospitals write a letter. To us.
I think you answered your own question
If only there had been experts saying it was a bad idea.
This is truly the reason Trump nominated Gorsuch and Kavanaugh. Tomorrow we find out if it paid off.
This.
Where did the flavour come from then?
RT Infrastructure as code (IaC) is the process of managing and provisioning cloud and IT resources via machine readable definiti…
Thank you for your service. You are a true Patriot.
Ahh yes. I hated these people, and as owner I would often either refuse or tell them we would charge extra given the amount of wasted milk to achieve something that was absolute shite.
Congrats. And most assuredly, though we already were.... 🤪
Someone already had ideas
Wife and I are watching The Goblet of Fire, and at the graveyard scene I asked her if the colours of the light sabers meant anything, and which one was the Jedi and which the Sith. The first day of our 20th year together is off to a great start.
Look forward to seeing how it does for you!
RT Yesterday’s new coronavirus cases: 🇩🇰 10 🇳🇴 11 🇸🇪 57 🇩🇪 298 🇺🇸 55,442
This is amazing.
RT I have *EXCELLENT* news for those of you working on a business case to migrate to the cloud:
AMAZING!
You going to be here?
A wild journey here, including some of the comments and replies of people attempting the same thing
I see now that this has been my problem all along, the thing that has been holding me back: I have the wrong Safety Guy.
OMG... I'm chuckling and also very interested
Yes! Congrats Matty! That's an awesome milestone.
I got nothing. Also, they're AMAZING!
I prefer morning flights, so I get the most opportunity if things go wrong to get them sorted out on that day. I think every time I have personally done afternoon flights I have regretted it.
Making sure to get the bare minimum sorted. 🤘👏
Yessss! Congrats Rain!
Meh...
I'm sorry... Autocorrect messed it up
RT New #DevRel job: jpmorgan is hiring a Developer Relations Advocate. Check out their listing and follow us for alerts whe…
Likely a good decision considering the insanity happening there. Good luck on new endeavors, and wherever you land will be lucky to have you!
Have you met "America's Mayor"?
Maths is hard
Hey Dummy... A lower rate of death does not mean fewer people are dying.
Brilliant 🍪
RT Use CircleCI to automate deployment on any static site. Here's how:
You got this! Also... #popcorn
RT We failed this fine American.
RT Tomorrow's Open Circle Sessions (Thu Jul 9 @ 1p PT) sees our very own joining and in…
RT I wrote this at the end of 'People Powered' and I think it resonates today. We face challenges that impact many different p…
Wow. Now that's an ad.
They are my go to in most every situation
I second both of those, they are fantastic!
Always knew Emily would eventually join the club
#TeamOxfordComma!!!
Happy Anniversary 🎉🎉🎉!!
Can't.🤪Stop.😂Laughing.😆😅😂😭
/me makes note to turn Joyce's kitchen lights on
RT Just put on a white hood and save us the energy.
Another racist SF tech-bro self-identifying
Seriously though, I'm going with GitHub
RT Withdrawing from the World Health Organization in the middle of a pandemic is INSANE.
I must admit I am a sucker for a Transformer movie or series, and this new Netflix animated series looks amazing!
Happy 19th Anniversary to my lovely wife! It's been an amazing 19 years, and I couldn't ask for a better wife, teammate, mother to our kids, and best friend.
#LoveWins
All of their ads are fantastic and totally push him closer to the cliff
Please also share this with BIPOC and URM communities
RT We’re happy to announce that we are open sourcing the Orbit Chrome Extension! Building browser extensions is not easy, and…
Advocating for DevRel as a DevRel Professional (Ep 49) #devrel #community
Yep, that's the correct way to do it. Well done!
I know he was Elvis but I can't recall how often he appears?
That is a good movie, but if I recall (admittedly been awhile for sure) he had a minor role
Ghost &amp; the Darkness is a good one but haven't seen it in awhile
You drive a hard bargain... But I'll allow it.
.....so sorry
I said Top 3 Heidi. I honestly float between Real Genius and Willow as my #3. Today, it's Real Genius.
Oh did I not say those were in order? Of course it's #1....
Tell me your 3 favourite movies and why they aren't: - Tombstone - Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang - Real Genius
Wow.
You're in.
Hah, yes great endorsements! We are looking for EMEA, but when we look to hire again in APAC I will keep you in mind!
RT Here to stay. . .! ⏰⏰
Nostalgia to the rescue
RT maybe he’s born with it maybe it’s tangerine
RT Dear Breonna: I’m sorry this is taking so long; even more sorrowful that you’re not alive. You should be here. 🖤 There…
Remind me to play cards with you in 2022, i.e. the next time we can travel
RT April 30th: and host an excellent webinar. team attends. May 1s…
I do not... Would love to hear more!
So a couple thoughts here... I haven't messed with Discourse queries in a hot minute - does this automatically exclude staff (admin and mod) from the results? Also, if you haven't already you should post this on
Bring it on! The white psyche is so fracking fragile.
RT Noticed Breonna Taylor is no longer trending. So why do I still have this horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach? Cou…
Now if NASCAR will just be like that, I'm all in!
Gosh... NASCAR making me _want_ to support them.
He's defended traitors (the Confederacy) more than he's defended American's getting targeted and killed by Russians, or the 132K Americans dead because he gave up on fighting the Coronavirus.
I'm looking for a Developer Advocate who is based in EMEA and who: 📚 Loves teaching developers about DevOps &amp; CI/CD in particular 🖊️ Likes to write about what they're learning 📡 Is passionate about connecting with devs online/offline Pls RT for reach
This whole thread details what we should have been doing, and how Trump quit on us, the American people he is sworn to serve and protect.
This is awesome Konrad!!! 🎉 Great work, and I see this being valuable for a lot of people.
RT Dear Kev: America would like you to stop mansplaining her
There's only one answer
Gotta maintain alpha status
Holy fuc.......
Cut them both in half, put icing in-between, join the two uneaten halves together, and eat the new cake in front of Walter while urinating on the pieces he ate. That'll teach him.
RT I regret to inform you that George Washington required enlistees to be vaccinated against smallpox
Nah, he only wishes he was the prince
Oddly enough.... Close.
During...
Getting on the highway with your teenage driver for the first time is an exercise in making sure all of your affairs are in order.
Wait... So he didn't _need_ my money?
First one I heard was "Live Forever" and it's kinda stuck with me ever since
Same! Such a great show!
❤️
No idea who this is, but I have less of an interest now
Doing it the right way I see
Both of those options sound delicious to me...
This one I only did for 6 instead of 10, but it turned out alright
Hah... Stupid reasons...
I know that 🤪... It's sold as "pig butt", aka "Boston butt" 🐖
Read this thread.
RT You know the COVID vaccine trial that Oxford University si running? There's a 50% chance I have it in my body, as I'm taking…
Lol yeah it's 13" long at its longest spot... Our pigs here in the Midwest are brontosaurus size, so that makes sense.
I've got some housecleaning to do...
686!!! 😟🥺
Gotta let it rest mate... Meanwhile I have one remaining smoked Scotch egg with your name on it 🤠
And to finish up with the Fourth of July smoke, pig butt.
Removing the Confederate Flag from Mississippi's state flag doesn't automatically remove the systemic racism in place deep in the Old South. There is still work to be done.
RT America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all — and it's long past time we lived up to it.
This was the inspiration... And the thread has a link to a video of the process I liberally followed
Oh they're amazing. Hard boiled (or medium boiled so just slightly runny) with breakfast sausage wrapped around it. Usually that would be breaded and then deep fat fried, but smoking them is so much better.
RT Our founding promise has never been guaranteed. Each generation has been called to bring us a little closer to our highest…
Great thread for this Fourth of July
Smoked Scotch eggs... Credit to for the idea.
RT This July 4th, there is a new name synonymous with traitor. Move over Benedict Arnold. Meet... #BenedictDonald #TRE45ON ht…
RT Our nation was founded on a simple idea: We're all created equal. We've never lived up to it — but we've never stopped trying…
RT This day 157 years ago - 3 July 1863 - the 69th Pennsylvania Infantry, a regiment in the Union army comprised mainly of I…
Doing the Lord's work. Thank you.
RT It has been nearly four months since police officers murdered Breonna Taylor as she was sleeping. It is long overdue that h…
Wow. I'm at a loss for words, and full of emotion. Thank you for #HamiltonFilm
It's #HamiltonFilm time with my daughter!
But all cloud providers matter.
RT This holiday weekend, let’s be safe and smart. It’s going to take all of us to beat this virus. So wear a mask. Wash your…
RT It's important to know what is and isn't working, but what should #devrel teams measure? To help, we made an open source…
Shameful... 29% of his term has been spent with the tax payers paying his company millions &amp; 22% of it spent golfing. A WHOLE YEAR. Let that sink in, with an unemployment rate through the roof, 125k Americans dead from a virus he is ignoring, and Russian bounties on US troops.
Jason inspired us all
Don't forget to read today's Presidential Daily Brief
RT I don't think most people in the United States realize that they can't leave their country.
You want to work with Jess and the other members of the team at LaunchDarkly
Totally depends on where, and how big (TWSS)....
I've been jerdog in some form or fashion since my BBS days in the late 80s
One of the biggest barriers to Discord for a non-gaming #community has been its heavy reliance on gaming talk, reference, etc. These changes, with more to come, are exactly what need to happen for #cmgr to consider Discord as a Slack-alternative!
I even planned ahead and got a USB adapter that does all formats
I have all of those still!!
This is why we can't have nice things....
RT 56 years ago today, the Civil Rights Act was signed into law. It was a landmark piece of legislation that took on discri…
RT Today I issued an EO requiring that most Kansans wear a mask in public &amp; in places where one is unable to maintain socia…
She does like to yell that word....
Our new Beagle, "Biscuit" (affectionately known as "Brisket"), sends his love and a snoot to boop!
Hey. WEAR THE FRICKING MASK! #WearAMaskPlease
RT Next week's Open Circle Sessions is a discussion on online content production with our Tech Content Marketing Mgr
On the left we have the US Eagle... On the right we have the Nazi eagle. I'll give you 2 guesses which one the Trump campaign used for its re-election t-shirt, and the first guess doesn't count. #TrumpIsANationalDisgrace #TrumpIsANazi #TrumpIsARacist
I don't know who needs to hear this, but put one leg on at a time today.
RT Tell me I’m Nazi-ing what I think I am?
So proud of what Konrad has put together here, and the growth he's shown in his professional career! These are some good #devrel resources!
YES! Change can happen.
Long past time getting this changed. If Mississippi can change their flag, then this can be ammended 👏👏
Thank you
RT "I think another way to think about the word love is care. People respond to care. They want to feel seen, heard, understoo…
This has gotten a bit more interesting.... I thought I had seen something somewhere that lists he has a parent who is tenured staff but I can't seem to find it at the moment
These are the meetings I will make time for
This is some really good information for building out a Career Path for #DevRel
Way less fun for sure, whatever it's called
OMG..... You follow a recipe? I need this in my life. Stat!
Gifts keep on giving on #DevOpsPartyGames....
Top #devopspartygames game prompt....
And we're counting down to the first episode of #devopspartygames!!! Come watch at
Happening #soon! Got my requisite livestream ready to go. Come join us!
Title of your sex tape
Well worth the 5min read.
I usually see a fading image of what I just saw and then black
RT Community work is investment, not quick wins. Hang in there, build that foundation, find ways to create medium-term busin…
I grant you 9001 internets today. You win.
RT the human has made quite the sandwich for lunch. but when i placed my chin on their knee. and looked up at them softly. t…
You're my hero....
The until now lost Shakespearean play, "The Story of the 3 Dukes and the Orange King"
This thread is quality entertainment
Hey, I'm wondering if you have any Scripture for Trump? That seems to be your thing in these times.
RT No sarcasm: I really wish had decided to sell #Trump2020 masks. Think of all the lives that could have…
RT If you've been waiting for a cross-project view in the new pipelines UI, it's here! 🎉
Hello! ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍
Noted.
RT Mississippi's decision to remove the Confederate emblem from their flag is an important and overdue step. Next we should re…
"Karen, I said buy the Rosé _before_ complaining to the manager!"
RT I tip my hat to the 100th year anniversary of the Negro Leagues. #TipYourCap2020
👏🙌👏🙌👏🙌👏🙌👏🙌👏
Too soon?
Because stupid GOP-ran special council has to convene to review her decision because of restrictions they've placed on her. It's completely political, and hopefully will backfire on them.
Take this survey #cmgr
YES!!!! #ksleg #MasksSaveLives
RT #RealMenWearMasks
RT Fauci makes a plea to all Americans. If you get it, even inadvertently, you are part of process of infection that could bad…
Wow! So sorry to hear of the injury, but glad you have someone amazing! Rock this week! And glad to hear you're on the mend!
RT Breonna Taylor was killed 107 days ago. All of the officers involved in her killing must be arrested—immediately. We’r…
The cruelty is the point..... Has always been the point.
RT Listen - the Freedom to Spread Disease is not a constitutional right. #PutOnAMask
I join in with Matt on the excitement and nervousness, but it's going to be fun! Join us tomorrow at 8pm CT for the premier of #devopspartygames!
Mask up. Wash hands. Physically distance.
"K8s all up in the yaml"
Yes.
I think we will see smaller conferences go all-virtual, local meetups still exist and probably grow, medium conferences will realise they can successfully add online, and one to two large conferences will happen. We will figure out how to do hybrid and satisfy business reqs.
RT been asked this a few times and have my own thoughts, but curious what other people think. assuming we have a vaccine eventual…
I've worked with a few, but and immediately come to mind
RT Today the President shared a video of people shouting “white power” and said they were “great.” Just like he did after Charlo…
Is it too much to ask for a President to _NOT_ retweet white supremacist tweets? Asking for a nation.
Couldn't help myself and I replied
Maybe because, I don't know, it glorified violence and violated T&amp;C's...? Not to mention it was very un-Christianlike. But, you know, you do you.
Hah he even changed his Twitter name up a bit
I reported him and it seems a bunch of people did... And he's playing dumb...
That seems odd... Can you create a support ticket ( include your build link, and then shoot me a DM with the ticket number? I would like to get our team investigating this.
RT The expression “learn from history” usually refers to something that happened more than 2 months ago.
I wish people would read this and understand why we are where we are... It is simple math, lack of kindness, and selfishness.
👏This👏is👏the👏 best👏
The number of times I've ragequit Vim is directly proportionate to the number of times I've joyfully used nano.
In this, the year 2020, who knew I needed to watch Addams Family Values...
. is a wonderful human being, and one I call a dear friend
Whatever do you mean? Me? Banter? I was 100% serious about flying pigs as part of a proper observability platform.
It was a special moment to finally meet after all these years.
I'll bring the jelly!
RT I think it’s time for us all to be honest.. AirPods aren’t that great 😐
Happy birthday to 's beard. May you continue to be luscious and full.
And his motherfucking beard
Ahh, San Francisco wind... How I have (not) missed thee
Oh right. Well my flight got rebooked (seems airplanes need brakes?) and I'm now coming into SFO at 615p and won't be to the Oakland hotel until 7ish. So if you want to join Tristan and whoever else we are going to try and grab dinner around then
When are you in
Doesn't matter what your role was, it's what that statement with no context says to others.
Oh I understand Twitter all right. And I understand that it's one thing to drive engagement with asking people's opinions on something, and it's an entirely different thing to drive engagement by making inflammatory statements.
Kyle. When you say something isn't a thing, and that thing is a literal career, role, etc - you are attacking. Doesn't matter if that is what you intended. It's an attack.
Having fun at other people's expense is not fun at all. Do better.
I have no problem having fun. But when you make definitive statements, be prepared for people calling you on the bullshit, especially when you attack people who have literally been programming with a particular language and say they haven't been programming.
Then instead of making bullshit claims/statements to drive engagement, be more inviting and ask people's opinion about Bash as a programming language. This "it's just words and definitions" bullshit is beneath you Kyle.
Saying a programming language isn't a programming language is totally the Turing definition of gatekeeping. And saying something ridiculous to drive engagement ("it's just words and definitions" - come on dude) is bullshit.
Yeah, Bash is a programming language and gatekeeping statements like these are detrimental to the broader industry. We were writing Bash scripts (literally programming) before you were likely born (1989 is when Bash came out)
I once made a joke about PHP at a conference and was immediately called out by and others.
RT This new comedy special will have you dying... of laughter!
RT Trump asked for Russia’s help with the election in 2016. Russia enlisted militants to kill Americans. Trump didn’t ca…
Oh I know. Bootlicker is a surprisingly soft description as well.
Wondering what and think about the news Trump has once again bowed to Putin?
#ByeIvanka
That's my normal weekday... What do I do on the weekend then?
At we're currently looking for a Developer Advocate based in EMEA who enjoys connecting with, inspiring, and educating developers (our users &amp; why we exist) on the CircleCI platform in particular &amp; CI/CD principles in general.
RT When seat belts were first introduced in 1968, there were idiots who insisted they “infringed on their freedoms” and woul…
RT The Russian intel service that backed Trump’s 2016 campaign pays the Taliban to kill American soldiers in Afghanistan. In…
RT The President is finally taking action and is signing an Executive Order to protect American lives. Sorry - typo that shou…
RT What's the difference between other CI/CD service configurations and CircleCI’s build configurations? Here's a handy comparis…
RT Masks do not drop your oxygen levels
I was having a similar conversation this morning... This whole pandemic has revealed a lot about people, with self-identification being off the charts, and in many cases relationships are forever changed. It's hit me hard this week.
RT Those of you working as community directors, managers, advocates etc, where do you report in? Share specifics in the commen…
Some good insights on #devrel from a wonderful group of people in , , and (and some great friends to boot!)
RT We are a bunch of idiots.
RT Over the past few months, what have been some of your favorite 🤩 and least favorite 😖 aspects of virtual events? #TechTalk
RT This is coming up in 30mins!!! 🎉🎉 Make sure to follow us on and be notified when we're LIVE!!!
RT If you're tired of hearing about racism, imagine how many people are tired of experiencing it.
You know, I don't think you're far off from a plausible solution here to be honest. While my beliefs had started to shift already, it wasn't until 12 years ago when I actually left the country for the first time and got out of the American bubble that the change began...
Yep - and American society has become so deluded in the brain that our whole emphasis on "personal liberty" is warring with "collective good", and a complete lack of understanding on what "freedom" is/isn't, and cause/effect on consequences. Sorry... I'm in a mood.
They're all up in arms about being mandated to wear a fracking mask to enter a public, indoors establishment... that already has a sign mandating that they wear a shirt, pants/shorts, and shoes.
👍 Would be interesting to see given the different "frameworks" already out there.
WTAF?
Reported and blocked.
Let's look on the bright side Jamie... Some people use citronella to keep the bugs away, you have a pet frog.
In addition, when using the Slack orb and examples found here ( the "failure_message" can be anything you want or you can script it.
We do have a Slack integration, but have you checked out our Slack orb ( which allows for more customisation? Our docs also have some example configs for this ( and and
#BiscuitTheBeagle loves the car
YES! And if you put it on the mask, it will save the indecency of hunting for the tattoo! Win/Win!
Would all of those who refuse to wear a mask because it's "not natural breathing" go ahead and tattoo a nice, big 'DNR' on their chest please? It'll save some valuable resources later. We want your natural wishes upheld. #WearADamnMask #WearAMaskSaveALife #MasksSaveLives
Things gotta breathe!!!!
RT Yesterday the US hit a record high for new COVID cases. WEAR A MASK.
Hard to argue with the logic here...
RT Someone should tell Tom Cotton that Marion Barry created more jobs on net than Donald Trump. I don’t even mean per capita.…
First things first: Why in the F did someone think it was acceptable to tie a noose _AND_ hang it for use as a garage door pull? Second: I commend for how they handled this (the investigation - the reports could have been better). From all accounts this is how you do it.
Love the #androiddev usage! #TeamAndroid here also.... With the pleasantries out of the way, I would like to get our team investigating this. Can you create a support ticket ( include your build link, and then shoot me a DM with the ticket number?
RT Old Days 2
This is the kind of PSA I can get around. #WearAMaskSaveALife
Had this happened when they were more relevant, it would have been an uproar, on par (or much bigger) with their statement in 2003 not supporting GWB and the 2nd Iraq War.
#BlackLivesMatter
Congrats Jim, you're rocking it there! A few of those pics bring back some great memories!
A very informative article
Wow....
They are especially good filled with cinnamon, brown sugar, and honey and then put in the smoker.
Thanks to I have this pleasing sound to help me sleep
Janice from Friends
The dirty secret behind Ben Shapiro's extraordinary success on Facebook by
The behavior of the GOP in the committee rivals that of many preschoolers. It's shameful, and this thread is evidence to that fact.
So much winning. He was right.
I think a party is in order for and
Killin it!
Isn't that how you're supposed to do objectives?
These thugs got indicted!!!
I think we automatically programmed in some healthy sleep patterns
You mean erase the whitewashed history so many were taught and that the GOP keeps pushing in hopes it'll keep the masses sedated? Yeah... Let's cancel that history.
RT When you need technical answers, you go:
Florida... Giving free content since 1845... Meanwhile, Florida added over 5500 new cases today, more than any other state.
This is perfect... Growing up it was always "personal liberty" and never "collective good"
RT And we're LIVE with and on and
RT The same fight. The same pledge. Artist:
Hmm.... Really makes you think...
RT I don’t feel sorry for what happens to “past racists.” Especially ones who never even apologized.
My grandma would play multiple games with us grandkids while at the SAME TIME kicking everyone else's arse in Scrabble. I think she'd hold her own.
You'd think they would, being headstrong and all that
Nonstop at this point....
I don't know who needs to hear this, but tomorrow is (only) Wednesday.
So this is happening #soon.... I'm really excited for this, and hope you can follow along at home, and even join in as a member of the audience and influence the winner(s)!
RT It's cool to see a bunch of white people hating on a book called White Fragility because you can see exactly who needs…
RT Honestly this just feels like we're on an extended episode of Punked and I really wish Ashton would just jump out right now,…
This is just so unbelievably stupid and moronic
Say it with me. Black Lives Matter.
It's my preferred way to camp, especially in the mountains
Sold.
Any trees for my hammock? Because that's all I need!
RT During the biggest health crisis of this generation, asked his officials to slow down the one thing th…
Yeah the Rodecaster Pro is awesome and I have the full kit that BH Photo sells.
Good to know - I haven't used it (in either form) other than to download something else
RT I don't often ask for much, but ... we need 6 more ⭐️s ... ...
Just noticed the CLI has been upgraded (now at v0.10.0), and now includes API access (both GraphQL and REST) and `alias` command ... This is some awesome stuff!
Have you tried Edge since it moved to open source and based on Chromium? I've heard good things.
Long live Lynx!!!!
I've never been a fan of NASCAR, but to see what they've been doing the last few weeks... Wow. Never thought I would see it.
Yep. I'm a few episodes behind. This is the episode I was referring to
This is a special kind of stupid.
There was a really good episode on this a few months back
Ahh yes.
RT As the latest controversy swirls around remember that he was the ONLY member of Congress to vote against a…
RT 'And What Do We Want To Do About This Nest Full Of Baby Sparrows?’ Asks Barber Giving Man His First Haircut In 6 Months
Others have mentioned it, but OBS (on Mac OBS is the thing) is likely what you're looking for.
I feel like I know a few of these....
RT Don't miss the (rescheduled) premiere of Irreverent DevOps Party Games on June 30 at 8 PM CT! Featuring
YAY! 🎉🍾
RT If you think that a foreign power could simply mail in millions of ballots to influence the election, I regret to inform you tha…
I should probably put them in their natural habitat as well.... 😢
I've been slamming my head against my keyboard continuously that I'm pretty sure I've hit that combination enough times to get us back to at least February
Breonna Taylor’s name is no longer trending and the police that murdered her are still free. If you see this please reply/quote/tweet on your own. ARREST BRETT HANKISON, JONATHAN MATTINGLY &amp; MYLES COSGROVE FOR THE MURDER OF #BREONNATAYLOR
Someone either a) doesn't understand how mail-in ballots work, b) understands (since he himself votes via mail-in) and doesn't want people to use it as an option (i.e. easy to vote, especially in a pandemic), or c) Putin has told him his plans. I'm guessing B and C...
Thoughts with you.
Indicator #436 that I miss travel: I found myself gazing longingly at the packing cubes in my closet and remembering where we've been together.
Not to do an apple vs Android thing... But... 10+ years... Better late than never?
RT Remember, the 1st #COVID cases in South Korea and the United States were confirmed ~5 months ago on Jan 20, 2020. Today is Ju…
I learned on an automatic and then the first car I bought was a manual transmission... Jumped in with both feet, learned in production.
Yeah, without this COVID mess I likely wouldn't be around. I'm seriously rethinking my decision to teach him on a manual transmission though.
Sure. But just for once it would be good to have a Republican lead the charge on anti-racism. Just ONCE! Tell me one time in the last 20+ years that has happened. I'll wait.
RT
Oh this is amazing and IT WORKS!!!
Spot on take, and one of the reasons I haven't been on in 18 months. The other reason is Facebook sucks.
The kids are alright.
Teaching my oldest to drive as well, and have imparted this same bit of knowledge. Here's hoping it sticks. Also, real thoughts and prayers to you 🤪🤩 as I request the same.
EPUB and PDF of Bolton's book are in the wild... #BoltonIsATraitor
And don't forget postmodernism was bad and there was ultimate truth and character mattered.
Really hoping and had some contact tracing in place for the #TrumpCampaignPetriDish #TulsaDeathRally #TrumpsCoronavirusRally
RT Trump just admitted that he told his team to slow down the testing.
I'm sure the "Kitty Constitutional Guide" will let you know
RT 🎉 Announcing CMX Academy!!! 🎉 We've been working for the past few months to develop a brand new educational platform for…
Ahh... Father's Day....
There you go again with logic...
Paging
RT Thread
Never taught in my history books... That needs to change.
RT Marcus Rashford, 22-year old Manchester United starlet whose activism forced British government to provide meals for Britis…
53%, 41%, 3%, .001%
Respect...
I use to bookmark, and can't see any other usage making sense tbh. They're as useless as "likes" on FB, Twitter, and forums.
RT Today is a great day to promise yourself that you won't turn Juneteenth into Cinco De Mayo or St Patrick's day.
I've got boy scout camp next month and that will be my first "travel" but have nothing else upcoming
Would love for to sign as a competent backup to !! Let's make it happen!!
I've been done with mine for awhile, and wife and I just were discussing how this has been the longest I have not been traveling for work in 7 years. It's still looking like at least Oct 1, and probably Jan 1 until I will be on a plane. So weird.
RT Juneteenth has never been a celebration of victory, or an acceptance of the way things are. It's a celebration of progress…
#BiscuitTheBeagle is feeling right at home
RT This is 100% the right move. This will help us beat this terrible virus. The science is unanimous - if we all wear mask…
RT Today is Juneteenth—a day for celebration and remembrance that should be part of our collective knowledge of freedom str…
Next episode is up!
I would constantly be looking for which screen things were on
I did not learn about #JuneteenthDay in school, which is a sad indictment on the whitewashed history that many in America have been fed, and that needs to be fixed yesterday.
He's right. I know people and have family who are described by him.
🍌🐌👀
RT Today is a perfect day to arrest Breonna Taylor’s killers.
And I can't un-see it now...
RT Dear We have all seen videos of Black Americans being murdered, brutalized or harassed. Your ad below, rele…
RT I asked a CDC contact about the risks of a COVID explosion after the 19000 people jam together at the Trump event this w…
RT Juneteenth reminds us that freedom is not free. It’s fought for and won, but never guaranteed. 155 years ago, millions…
RT The President of the United States is campaigning for reelection using a Nazi concentration camp symbol. Nazis used the…
Collaboration is key to good #devrel and #community programs
I feel seen
24hrs until match time #MUFC
YESSSS #OneMore30Rock
This is the right decision and message to send. Thank you to the and teams for great communication.
Amazing what happens when people listen to science and care....
I would posit, without knowing and Jan could clarify, that the BLM protests had protestors who _actually_ cared about their fellow humans and wore masks, whereas those who celebrated Memorial Day in the US by partying and going outside did not wear them. Key distinction.
RT THREAD: Let’s talk Bolton’s book, shall we? No, you shouldn’t buy it and let him earn a cent off of refusing to testif…
This thread of tidbits from the Bolton book...
Alice does but I haven't kept up with it
A Talk about Racism, Privilege, and DevRel (Ep 48) #devrel #community
This explains sooo much
Indigestion
Yep. They were solid phones! I had the Evo 4G the longest of any device to date.
Ahh those were the days, when HTC was developer friendly (HTC HD2 anyone?). I remember an HTC rep telling me that "HTC made XDA"... And then ignoring the evidence of when they started locking phones (non developer friendly) and Samsung exploding as a result and HTC wilting.
Biscuit is 6mo younger than Alice (6yo) and is a bit nonplussed (at the moment) with joining the household but that can change at any time. The next few days and nights will be telling.
#BiscuitTheBeagle (left) has joined our family and has begun integrating with #AliceTheBeagle
Dances with Wolves
9 times. NINE times. NINE TIMES. Don't talk to me about "not all cops are bad" because it's a distraction from the reality we are seeing EVERY DAMN DAY that systemic racism exists and permeates the foundations of America.
RT This is an extraordinary moment in law enforcement accountability. The detail that D.A. Howard provided: the photo of Offic…
RT Bolton’s staff were asked to testify before the House to Trump’s abuses, and did. They had a lot to lose and showed real…
RT LGBTQ+ rights are human rights. Period.
Bolton is a coward - he was asked to testify. He declined. The impeachment would have likely been different, but because of his cowardice it wasn't. That's on him. It's on the GOP.
RT How we got here.
2020 in a movie... I'm here for this.
RT And we're LIVE with and on and
RT Today reminds us that progress might be slow. It might take decades. But no matter what things might look like today, it’s…
RT Trump’s rally in Tulsa on the weekend of Juneteenth proves what we already knew: he’s the largest superspreader of divi…
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍!!!!
How are your bow staff skills?
Very sad news, but the right call. Going to miss hanging with you all again, but I'm sure and I can come up with things to remind you of us.
Sounds fantastic... 🤩🤩🤩
OMG... That lineup is amazeballs
"It's been said that racism is so American, that when we protest racism, some assume we are protesting America." -Beyoncé
(going to yell this so those at the back of the room can _hopefully_ get it) THIS IS WHAT HE WANTS THE NARRATIVE TO BE, THAT HE KILLED THE PANDEMIC. IT'S STRICTLY A POLITICAL PLOY (AND A LIE) AND PEOPLE ARE DYING BECAUSE OF IT. BECAUSE OF HIM.
RT Have you checked out our free, developer-focused learning platform, CircleCI Academy? Learn the basics of building, testing,…
RT Join us tomorrow, June 17 at 11a ET / 8a PT for our next Twitch livestream! This time will be joined by
RT G|Code is asking for donations to support our initiative to provide an affordable co-living opportunity, technological, and…
RT I'm honored to represent the views of inclusion in this era of virtual events. If you're free this Wednesday I hope you'll jo…
Sometimes left alone
Security approved huh? Is that RSA or DES? And I don't see his public key anywhere...
It's literally making the point about white privilege... Self own on a Ted Cruz level.
"White blessings" my ass
Sony XM3s for wireless, noise cancelling of course - and for wired I use an older version of these and they're amazing -
They make great audio cable for sound systems btw... and can transmit up to 1080p if Cat5e
Great... another DevOps job title...
I feel like we need a good inventory of the cable situation because if we're talking Cat5 cable, I have enough patch cables to build a rope bridge across the Grand Canyon - which is an acceptable use case for extra Cat5 btw.
That's why I had it... The 15 yr clause had expired.
Narrator: Haley is not saying Trump got on his knees and knob-gobbled Putin. She's also not NOT saying it either.
RT John Oliver offered Justice Clarence Thomas $1 Million a year and a $2.4 million motor-coach to stepdown from the Supreme Court.…
One of these days I'm going to take a trip through Ireland (only been to Dublin to date). I have very distant relatives from Galway (not unique in America of course), and I've always wanted to go.
I must go here
So hard watching any #MUFC match where is the colour commentator. His bias against them is so obvious, he can't say anything positive without some negative swipe. It's almost like they were the team he had the worst record against as a player. Oh yeah, they are.
RT If I could change one thing in this country about current gun policy, it would be to repeal PLCAA. If you want to see…
RT My friend has called for the repealing of the Bush-era, Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) t…
Will anyone notice they're replacement refs?
I feel this. Let me know if I can help in any way.
Here's a bag of rocks
If you'll be @ #DevWeek2024, on Friday at 12p on PRO Stage A I'm moderating a panel on "Code to Community: Redefining Developer Engagement in Tomorrow's World" w/ some great panelists: &amp; Kevin from
One of _many_ domains is expiring in 15 days ( and I won't be renewing. If anyone I follow is interested in it, let me know so we can transfer it.
So sorry! Wishing you a good, speedy recovery, lots of rest, and a new, shiny amazing job
His reel on Instagram is so well said as well. Thanks for amplifying the message.
Unacceptable Mike.
Yes. Yess yesss
And seen
Made them up just like everyone else.
Savage.....
Lol I may have thrown out my last one recently
Matty's shitposting
RT Reminder that wearing a mask in the middle of a highly contagious pandemic isn’t a political statement. It’s about basic res…
RT The thing about the Confederacy that gets overlooked is what a shitty country it was in general. They had no freedom of speec…
He said wrong answers Mr. Lieu!
RT Curious about how to write a great post? Here are some basic tips on how to write a great post in an online community.
RT Welp, I’m looking for a new position. Dev(Ops)Rel/Advocate positions are in my preferred space, building and connecting with…
RT #COVID19 has not gone away. Wash your hands. Practice physical distancing. Wear a face covering. DO YOUR PART. Your a…
Then I'm guessing you won't like "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies".....
I too want a sweet, short email address... And that UI 😍🤩😍🤩
Someone seems to have a stick up his arse this morning...
My vasectomy has lasted longer than the Confederacy
RT The 6-3 opinion was written by Justice Neil Gorsuch, a Trump appointee, and joined by Chief Justice John Roberts as well as the co…
RT BREAKING: Supreme Court rules #LGBTQ people are protected from firing, workplace discrimination by existing civil rights law #T…
Really looking forward to this... Hope I get an invite code soon. If anyone I know has an invite code, I'll donate to a charity for that invite code! 😎
A good thread on steps to take for making sure that commitment to D&amp;I is highlighted in your communities, especially as the trolls have come out. Also, take some time to review
I feel this is what was trying to get us to do all along
Oh FFS... That's not patriotic. And if they claim it is, they're violating the US Flag Code. All these patriotic flag idiots can go burn those shoes.
RT “The president has frequently tried to raise questions about the health and mental fitness of his rivals, while growing indi…
Yes...
RT We're gonna have to retire the expression "avoid it like the plague" because it turns out humans do not do that
RT In case anyone is wondering why people are tearing down statues of Christopher Columbus, it's because he was awful
This gonna be good...
RT 🤸Why does DevRel need cheerleading? Are virtual events effective? 🖥 These are only two of the topics we address in our new…
It checks out....
Why is this a surprise? The Trump Admin has been emboldened towards all-out corruption after the Senate GOP gave him a free pass.
This actually makes a lot of sense. We already know Trump's Cabinet is nearly as corrupt as he is, so letting the voters know ahead of time who would be his picks lets us visually compare Trump's incompetence with real leadership.
Oddly specific, and accurate.
Oh I'm sorry...
Nothing's stopping you now
It was and will be posted soon.
Momma always told me I had a face for radio
Yeah the last real news on this I believe is that the FBI had opened an investigation
So let me get this right... The 2020 platform is a resounding support for Biden to be President and to remove Trump? Outside of the complete incompetent's running the GOP, this seems fine.
Unanimously voted 26-0!!! Now go arrest her killers.
TFW your watch just tells you that the "Move Bar Cleared" and all you've been doing is air drumming to while still working
Sorry to hear that man! Hugs!
A nice position on a good team working with one of my best friends and good people, Karissa!
RT great hanging out with just now. such a nice guy. he's definitely ready to help your devrel team kick ass. if you'…
IRC and ICQ ftw
RT FOR THE RECORD: If you want to increase your Black voters, but you're: - having Stephen Miller write your race speech - d…
RT And we're LIVE! Follow along on YouTube
Whatever could this mean....?
FINALLY! That trash of a movie can get lost in a fire for all I care.
HMU I have some for you.
Hit me up on DMs... I have CircleCI stickers. Also, paging !!!
RT This is a victory song IIRC, and seeing American Indian Movement members dance around the fallen statue of Columbus makes…
RT hey Tech Twitter: I'm gathering info (partly out of curiosity) on how various companies handle PTO. If you have 30 seconds,…
Fantastic analysis of the current Flynn case...
Epic response to Trump's hissy fit about poll numbers not being what he wants. And the CNN lawyer's last name... 🤩🤩🤩🤩
I'm not an Iowan, but I feel like a 🦗 or 🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗🦗 is in order
It's also not about censorship
"OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high..." So, do as you say, not as you do? Am I getting that right?
RT Trump made clear today which flag he stands with. The one that stands for failure, disunion, and oppression. #AmericaOr…
RT I know we are quick to dismiss him because he's a Republican but we should keep an eye on whatever is worki…
Episode 2 from
Well done Matty. Carrying the torch for all of us.
Thread.
Um - did your bot just hiccup?
Wow... I would NOT have picked this happening....
RT Today became the Confederacy’s second president. Our full statement:
Hmm... Something similar
RT You can be a white person and not be offended when POC point out that a lot of white people are racist. Welcome to Not E…
Gonna go out on a limb here and say that Trump has never read a history book that didn't come from his KKK member father....
RT And we're LIVE with and from on Twitch at You can also follow alo…
RT Just so y’all know, the police brutality thread is up to the FOUR HUNDREDS
Whaaat....? 🤯
Ahh - the NYPD whining about being held to account. Whenever those in power complain about how they're treated without respect... means they've not done anything to deserve it.
RT Abraham Lincoln reminds us today what it is our government is sworn to protect: the right to peacefully assemble and pe…
Sooo good! They're my total trashy pleasure whenever I get a chance. And so cheap!
Yesss! Soooo good
Next up, "Live PD"? 🤞
RT . discusses a person who is ‘not racist’ and a person who is anti-racist. #LSSC
Hey congrats! That's great!
RT Today is book launch day! You can now order the book on Amazon and get it tomorrow in the US. And for all our struggles in the…
The whitewashed history I learned was, and still is, horseshit. This thread needs to be read and reshared.
RT Trump's Section 230 executive order is a danger to online communities. Attorney joins the show to discus…
RT 🚨TOMORROW 6/10🚨 Postman's joins Twitch stream to walk you through some very clever API integration…
Would have taken her common "deeply concerned" over that nonsense
RT Metrics - they've got to be meaningful, or they're nothing. In our next Open Circle Sessions this Thur at 1P PT, an…
Wow! You've done so much and been so integral to what Vonage/Nexmo has done with their DevRel programme - they'll definitely miss you. Congrats on the next thing though! I can't wait to see what you'll be doing next!
There's _always_ a Brexit joke somewhere
RT 📺 the American people are speaking directly to you with a simple message: it’s time to start packing…
I'm running out of words to describe the complete lack of backbone that the GOP has with Trump and the complete crap he continues to spew and erode the very Constitution they claim to be the Party of.
I did not see "NASCAR driver denounces the Confederacy" in my 2020 Apocalypse Bingo card, but yep... There it is.
RT The Washington Post analyzed hours of video footage, police audio, and other records to assemble a complete account of the…
And has a theory
Seems completely based on 2016 exit polls... While 2018 were decidely different and as it stands today more different. This is a nice strategy to make money off of a deranged, narcissistic douchenozzle.
RT ICYMI this repo contains all the information about PoseDance that I showed today during the super fun and engaging Ask The E…
RT Ouch
This. 👇👇👇👇
And here I was thinking they hated socialism!
RT it's monday. arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor. #JusticeforBreonnaTaylor #BlackLivesMatter
RT if someone at my job murdered someone and continued working at my job, i would quit my job
This is great! If you need any assistance with CircleCI on your #100DaysOfCode journey, let us know either via Twitter or on our community site at
RT If Seattle cops think getting hit with a half empty water bottle justifies violently attacking the entire crowd they sh…
Found someone else who likes pie.... Happy Birthday (in advance) my friend!
This is what's meant when people say #DefundThePolice #BlackLivesMatter
The only movie I can think of is The Prestige, and it's truly an underrated gem.
I won't go on FB... Haven't been on in 16+ months.
RT As has always been true at key moments in history, it’s going to depend on young people to go out there and rewrite what i…
RT JUST-IN The United States Marine Corps has banned all public displays of the Confederate flag on installations worldwide.…
RT Congressman John Lewis, who endured horrific beatings, threats to his life, and imprisonment as one of the original Freedom Rid…
Thank you. Didn't remember following. Unfollowed
I was falling asleep
Thank you for your voice and everything you have done.
I saw this and couldn't help snort. I'm sure we will be hearing on the topic, a lot, with no detail. Just a toddler spouting the same words.
Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor.
The lengths Barr will go to lick Trump's boots... Proof you cannot trust a thing he says, and in a past functioning Democracy would have been removed already.
I see what you did there
This was from 3d ago
That's my coworker !!
RT It’s cool how cops are dead bent on proving everybody 100% correct about them
Done.
Reported.
RT THIS IS MY SISTERS MOTHER GETTING CHOCKED OUT BY THE POLICE FOR NO APPARENT REASON! THE COP WORKS FOR BELLVUE POLICE DEP…
Ahh, white privilege: The ability to a) carry guns in public and at a protest/rally, and b) the ability to get your faces blurred while protestors don't.
It's a #Zombieland and #ZombielandDoubleTap kinda night
RT White people: We gotta talk about burn out. You aren’t conditioned to be thinking about race this much because of your pri…
RT June 6, 1944. Largest ANTIFA operation in history.
If only there was something that could have been done earlier this year.... Oh yeah. You and the GOP own all of this Liz.
RT Still relatively new to our livestreams, we're excited to join up with a 🌟 at - We'll be s…
RT Why is ending racism a debate?
This sounds fun... There's a nice gallery to choose from at #blacklivesmatter
It was reported in a few places that they were guards from the Bureau of Prisons
When was the last time a member of the GOP stood against racial injustice and led the charge? I honestly can't recall, and it's been the Dems owning that for a long time. I'm glad to be proven wrong though.
And this is what's so revealing about the U.S. right now
Which explains your feelings on Bundesliga since we both agree that MLS is like kale.
Well, sure... But that's like saying "at least brussel sprouts aren't kale"
I can only assume you thought I was referring to MLS when I said "Premier League"...
Um....
I'm so desperate for ⚽ that I am actually watching a Bundesliga match 🤦‍♂️... June 17th can't come fast enough for the #PremierLeague restart.
She conceded with a big, attempted-conceal grin.
Daughter: "We forgot to get FREE donuts this week for my birthday." Me: "I bought you donuts for your birthday." D: "But they weren't free." M: "You _literally_ got free donuts." D: &lt;blink&gt;&lt;blink&gt;
RT Racism is unacceptable. Inclusiveness and respect for differences are core #devopsdays values. #BlackLivesMatter
It's great when racists self-identify themselves
RT It's official... we're going virtual for our 2020 event! To keep the #devops conversation going in our beloved #Buffalo…
RT 📺 is no longer hiding that he’s a brazen authoritarian, so desiring of control and power that he’s wil…
You mean... Trump is just projecting his own crimes onto others? 😲🤯
RT Here’s a useful read––a reminder of the importance of de-escalation by police in their interactions with protestors.
RT On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #WearOrange to honor the victims and survivors of gun violence––which continues…
RT This was Biden’s most impressive moment in more than 40 yrs of public service. He gave us a choice — to be our best selv…
RT Our monthly CircleCI Sessions comes to you next week, June 11 at 1P PT. In this edition, and will be exp…
RT Wake up with a smile🇺🇸 Fantastic 👏 Nebraska signed the “Hold Cops Accountable” pledge then celebrated wi…
That bastion of truth Barr....
RT Every Soldier and Department of the Army Civilian swears an oath to support and defend the Constitution. That includes the rig…
RT Hire this AWESOME open source advocate!! ! #DevRel #OpenSource #ForTheLoveOfOpen
RT If you’re this upset about civilians looting stores you should be REALLY upset about police officers murdering human bei…
Trump wants his police state and dictatorship however he can get it. Disgusting.
RT One useful thing could actually do today is give Black activists Verified status. And all the women and non-bina…
RT Here's the full list of donation links: Art credit to Ella Mosco:
RT Okay what the hell is this
White person arguing there is no systemic police racism is like a non-diabetic arguing there's no such thing as a diabetic coma.
As always some really interesting insights: 🤔 Python fell, Rust still on top 😳 75% of devs work overtime 😎 40% are members of communities other than SO 🙁 Too many white (68%) men (88%)
The Lincoln Project hits it out of the park again
RT If President Trump doesn’t like Twitter, he can do everyone a favor and stop tweeting.
This snippet alone has something for everyone in 2020...
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE NOW?
RT RICHMOND, Va. (AP) -- Virginia governor to announce removal of iconic Richmond statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Here are some for you to start with, across the spectrum: Feel free to ping me with ay questions, or to hop on a call to discuss further!
Will you take the pledge (Shawnee, KS)?
I ask, if this has come across your timeline, that you take 9min and WATCH this. As says, "let your guard down and listen." Then share the ORIGINAL message, not my RT with comment. Amplify the message, the voice. SILENCE IS COMPLIANCE.
RT BREAKING: Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison is increasing charges against Derek Chauvin to 2nd degree murder in Geo…
RT The murder of George Floyd was the result of inhumane police brutality that is perpetuated by a culture of white supremac…
Thank you for a statement which is factual, passionate, and doesn't pull any punches. #1619Project #BlackLivesMatter #GeorgeFloyd
Great thread on some quotes which, while true (and all too real) 80+ years later, aren't exactly attributed correctly.
This was the response... So utterly wrong.
He was _ON THE SIDEWALK_ doing nothing wrong and was targeted (and the crowd attacked with pepper spray unprovoked) by Officers for (checks notes) telling them to go home? This is why there are protests about police brutality. #BlackLivesMatter #GeorgeFloyd
The steps white people take to make themselves feel better... This whole thing is _literally_ white privilege.
I can't tell from the website, but do you know if they do any gunsmithing? I have a .30-06 (1918) that needs some work
That's near me! Gonna have to check them out!
RT People all around the world see this injustice, have had enough, and are protesting. Just check out this thread 🖤 #BlackLiv…
RT We hear you. We support you. We stand with you. Black Lives Matter. #blackouttuesday
RT in an attempt to disperse crowds, #DavidMcAtee, a louisville bbq chef known for serving cops free meals, was shot and killed by…
RT This doesn’t happen everyday. It is fitting it happens on the day we are Blacking out for Black lives and hopefully supporting…
RT Black Creatives Drop your portfolios, book/comic links, soundclouds/spotify links, youtube channels, twitch links, etc…
Thread. What happened today in DC will be remembered forever. Disgraceful. Saddening. Maddening. Sickening.
RT The President of the United States tear-gassed peaceful protestors in order to clear the way for a useless photo-op outside th…
RT American Fascism is the president holding up a bible for a photo op while jackbooted thugs beat protesters to a pulp within…
RT What if one guy stands in front of a column of tanks?
This happened in Charleston, SC. This is a peaceful protest, and a man speaking truth and love. I would love to say that this is unconscionable, but this is the reality of a flawed, racist system that seeks to silence. He was targeted, plain and simple. #BlackLivesMatter
Congrats Chris!! Excited to hear more
Could not resist getting this #ADHD shirt... They also had it in a hat but I have a lot of hats.
You better scoop up Kayla before it's too late!
About the same thing when trying to exit vim
Early Bird tickets available until Mar 14! Get yours now!
Or Aldi's
Yep here is the repost he did
I want to say I saw talking about Smirnov in the past?
Looks awesome Pauline!!
RT If the GOP cared about illegal immigration they'd start locking up the Americans who do the hiring. They won't, bc they…
Current Status: Working in my office and listening to my youngest (16yo) play on the computer while listening to Nirvana's Unplugged album on headphones and singing along to their cover of the Meat Puppets' "Lake of Fire".
RT This is the logical outcome of being awash in 500,000,000 million guns in a nation with too few gun laws. And it only ch…
Yesss! Oh, and this is the same Tiki bar we went to last year Duffie!
RT it is high time we expand on now canonical 2013 concept of The New Kingmakers by formally acknowledging th…
Everyone knows that's Detroit's hometown pizza.
You have Little Caesar's in your shorts?
Yeah, it's an amazing piece of bullshit from Turner
TheOnion continues to nail it
Meg has powerful, personal words to be heard here.
RT Perspective: This is why Colin Kaepernick took a knee, from Sports columnist Sally Jenkins
Ferocious beast... At some point you just have to give in.
RT Join of CircleCI and from at 11 a.m. PT on June 3 as they walk through how to add infrastr…
Perfect! Thank you!
I've still not been able to verify if this is real or not. It's been said it is actually the County Sheriff Dept, and the image of the flag looks doctored.
RT Given current events, we don't believe that this is the right time for us to kick off #devopspartygames on Tuesday. There…
RT If you're seeing all this pain and hurt online and think "Hey this isn't good for me. I should step back from this. I need to…
If you were still on the sideline wondering where Trump and his Administration stood regarding fascism.. Welcome to reality. Of course this won't happen because he can't just declare this, but his base and the white supremacists don't know/don't care and will push this as fact.
RT The system isn't broken, it's functioning just as it is intended to. This is a long game, and we need to support policy l…
And FreeCodeCamp dropped him
I was wondering that too... Glad I didn't follow him.
A racist.
Hah I was about to do the same
RT 99 years ago, today, the Black Wall Street massacre in Tulsa Oklahoma occurred. 99 years later, we are still out in the streets…
RT Caught on camera, police explode in rage and violence across the US
RT "Black Americans watch time and time again how the contract that they have signed with society is not being honored by th…
If you say that the protestors should have stayed at home, but thought stay-at-home orders for COVID-19 were/are tyranny, you can go ahead and f all the way off, and unfollow me right now, I don't care who you are. You're part of the problem. #BlackLivesMatter
RT Who is this serving? Who is this protecting?
RT Well my 8yr old finally asked whats going on and I tried to explain things for an 8yr old. Then he said, "daddy are we g…
RT "Try to imagine how it must feel for black Americans when they watch themselves being looted every single day. Police in…
RT Racism is not a difference of opinion.
Be safe!
RT Many people don’t know the true history of “America.” And it shows. It shows badly.
This is a fantastic article! Thank you! #Kaepernick #GeorgeFloydMurder
So... Gonna go ahead and call BS on this. Remember Kaepernick? We do. These platitudes are as empty as Goodell's brain. Shove it NFL.
Stay safe mate.
This is what being divisive looks like - painting people into boxes and reenforcing to your followers that the other people aren't like you.
Wesley is an amazing person, and I am lucky to call him my friend. Please take time to listen.
Thank you for sharing!
Oh this is good, and #RichMich, aka #MoscowMitch, is not going to like it
RT If you scroll past this without watching it, you miss one of the best unscripted speeches in a decade. Wow. Watch. htt…
RT Remarkable info coming out of this presser: Gov. Tim Walls, Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey and St. Paul Mayor Melvin Carter a…
OH on commercial for some TV show: "Zombies are just a projection of our desire to shoot our neighbors." Hard to argue with the logic
RT I've watched this video like 5 times. She said this perfectly. I want everyone to watch this but especially white people.
A classic xkcd post (Link for others to use -
Criticism? Sure. There's plenty of criticism to go around. Regulation? Nah. They're a private company that people choose to join and by doing so agree to abide by the TOS.
Yikes... If Trump had any intelligence that would sting.
RT here's a dinosaur reading a bedtime story to puppies and I don't know who needs to see this but I sure as hell did htt…
Yeah, I blocked him after he sent this glorious reply to me
DNS is always the problem.
I feel seen 🤩🤩🤩
#HAPPYANNIVERSARY!!!
RT Minneapolis Police Officer Derek Chauvin has been arrested in the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis, Public Safety Commis…
RT 1/ Since y'all are all too young to remember this, and since I was only 5 at the time, there's some ancient history here…
If you're not mad, or you're just _now_ mad, you haven't been paying attention. #BlackLivesmatter
Probably the first time I have ever RT Swift, but I'm proud to do it.
White people love to tell black protestors how they should protest, all the while never following it themselves and getting the benefit of the doubt from the police. So go ahead, random white person, and tell me how you think they should protest. Blocked.
RT My statement on the death of George Floyd:
RT Come join the community and see what we're up to! #QuestDB #TimeSeries
So I had some time (an hour to be exact) this Friday so I figured I would mess around with Gatsby, Netlify and CircleCI - come follow along as I likely make a fool of myself!
Narrator: And the different between the protests is (checks notes) the general skin color of the protestors. Got it.
RT Nobody cares about your tech hot takes or your "political moderation" tweets today. People are getting killed by the governm…
I was definitely not the only one that reported it
His original tweet was in that state for awhile and then it disappeared, literally minutes after I first read it. I wonder what happened.
Looking for the STAR power will _NEVER_ get you where you should be. That pursuit will always end in turmoil.
There is but one measuring stick: "are you building relationships?" If so, great! If not, then you got stuff to figure out! Because they're all different, and because they're all made up of humans, it takes different things to build relationships with different people.
Thank you for sharing this, and on your vacation! 😎😜 I've seen this played out so much over the years, and it gets exhausting. What I love about DevRel and Community is that THEY'RE ALL DIFFERENT!
Inciting targeted violence from the highest office in the land. Twitter removed Trump's original tweet, and so the White House re-shares it in text form. The GOP and the Republican Senate owns this. Vote them out. All of them.
Not to be that guy, but... some spiders fly.
OH1: "If MongoDB is the Snapchat of databases, what does that make Postgres?" OH2: "Google Photos"
Only slightly less satisfying
I'll wait.
But look at that photograph!
Proof is required.
RT We are an Apache 2.0 Licensed #OpenSource #TimeSeries Database. Give us a ⭐and contribute!
RT Dear Your Executive Order is a farce. The courts interpret Section 230, not Your “US policy” doesn’t m…
RT Unusually sharp Chamber of Commerce statement about the president's EO: “Regardless of the circumstances that led up to this…
I like my left hand too much
My eyebrows don't bend that way
Please tell me you rolled up the window and did a TikTok video as if he wasn't there
RT Dr. Fauci: "We often talk about the possibility of a second wave or of an outbreak when you're reopening. We don't have to acc…
"We're all testing in production... some of us are doing it on purpose." - at #DockerCon #dockercon2020
draw me
Really looking forward to this first Episode, next Tuesday! And LIVE! What could go wrong!?!?
Yesssss... Some good stuff there!
RT If you believe in a more just, more generous, more democratic America, now is the time to fight for it. Here’s a terrific…
I understood a few of those words, so 3rd level?
Over 102K (mostly preventable) deaths in America, and 40 million unemployed. Don't let Trump distract with this Twitter nonsense.
Gotta love the "These are all pre-recorded right? How do I skip past all the CoC crap?" comment... Therefore signaling that they absolutely _need_ the CoC crap.
You of course gotta stay in your lane. LOL
RT The First Amendment protects the right of private corporations, regardless of their perceived political bias, to curate their cont…
RT If you’re unbothered or mildly bothered by the 1st knee, but outraged by the 2nd, then, in my father’s words, you’re “more…
Luph-bruh is how I would say it, and have heard it said in England
Hair-ford Siren-ster Glow-chester
In other words, don't be a selfish prick and wear a mask. It's not about you.
This is such a bad order, and stems from a gross misunderstanding of the First Amendment and every SCOTUS decision to date. You sign up to use a platform, company, service, etc. and you accept their TOS. You don't like it, don't use it. Free speech has never been applied there.
I humbly ask to be Buttified, and will wear the status with pride. Or I'll just giggle at it. Definitely one or the other.
This tweet aged extremely well... the comments to it back in October? Not so much. This is what leadership looks like folks.
I see that, but the character also has a lot more depth and emotion and emotion than Superman.
"Can two people fall in love over a benign gonad cyst?" -Jack Donaghy #30RockRocks
RT There are moments in our history so grim, so heart-rending, that they're forever fixed in each of our hearts as shared grief.…
Look at you two... Brings a tear to my eyes
Yeah but what does your _other_ Mother say?
My youngest: "If you stir coconut oil into your kale it makes it easier to scrape into the trash."
Which is the best place to preorder that benefits you the most?
RT #DockerCon is tomorrow! Tune in @ 12 pm ET for keynotes by #Docker CEO and co-founder R…
RT One hundred thousand Americans dead in less than four months. Each of those deaths is represented as a ray of light. htt…
Commit messages vs. release notes: they’re important, they’re not the same, and they’re not for you #devrel
The value of being told you suck #devrel
RT “Perhaps I can help light a candle of hope for someone else.” #DevRel
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Wigs are glorious things for vampires
This is such a good article by "Donald Trump, the Most Unmanly President"
This thread is awesome, with more info at the link on the last tweet. Netlify is doing great work!
Snap... Nadler with the come back
RT We are excited to announce that DevOpsDays Chicago 2020 will be a single day virtual experience on September 1st, 2020.…
RT I don't know who needs to hear this. Black and Brown people are complete people. Full citizens of this world and this country…
I have a "love/f*ck you" relationship with four day weekends. I love them, and they say "f*ck you"
What about a deep fake?
"Webinar that should have been a post" is the new "meeting that should have been an email"
RT Announcing GitHub CLI 0.9, with several improvements to your pull request workflow! 👍 gh pr ready 👀 gh pr diff ✅ gh pr review…
A really well laid out comparison of community platforms
RT Tomorrow, don't forget: We're teaming up with DigitalOcean to demonstrate how to use CI/CD for web applications at 10 am PT.…
Such a good article which sadly fits with our current landscape &amp; what's grown these last 4 years "..when intolerant white people fear democracy may benefit marginalized people, they abandon their commitment to democracy."
Happy Monday that's not a Monday.
You did such an amazing job, and glad you gave your talk!
RT Fellow men: This is not okay. No, wait. It’s not just “not okay”. It’s downright disgusting. To my fellow men who…
RT Nearly 100,000 lives have been lost, and tens of millions are out of work. Meanwhile, the president spent his day golfing. h…
RT Quarantine Smartwatch
After Pulse: Online Community Management #devrel #community
I'm just going to say I feel attacked.
RT Best wishes to all Kansans for a safe #MemorialDay celebration. Let's take this time to honor and remember the many brav…
RT Yes, it is true! 😌 I’m looking for my next awesome DevRel opportunity! Things I love: ✅ Building and managing developer co…
I think this alone is something that requires a long, careful look
Right, makes sense. The challenge around awareness (top of funnel) and how you do it "right" from an DevRel perspective I think comes down to the company, product, etc. Knowing your target, and entering into a code of conduct of sorts in how you'll act is needed, and valuable.
RT Did everyone but me know this was a thing?!?!
I am interested in hearing about and or discussing those practices. I think a lot of us try to be sensitive to the activities and practices we do, and keep our audience in mind, but I am sure we overlook some as well.
RT On Memorial Day, we honor those who gave all for us. That takes different forms this year, but it’s even more vital with t…
Pee-wee Herman
Wow! 🤩🤩😍😍
Corgi Beagle mix, right? So cute!
"Build community by stalking our enterprise devs so we can geo-target them with LinkedIn ads and then call them weekly"
Wrong on sooo many levels. And these parents looking on with approval?🤦‍♂️
StackOverflow
Trailblazer as always! Wish I could find my "Technical Liaison" business card from Hallmark Cards back in 1998.
Happy Birthday to my birth-year-twin... You're 5 1/2 months older, so prepare the rest of the year for me, ok?
RT That NYT front page names only 1% of the Americans who have died from Covid-19. I found that a bit difficult to grasp, so…
Same. Driven a manual most of my life, and teaching my two oldest kids on that now.
Princess Bride Star Wars Robin Hood (Disney cartoon)
OH: “I’ll be right back, I need to go microwave the milk.”
RT As all 50 states begin the process of reopening, here are three articles that offer some lessons from other countries abou…
And not to mention some people test not very well, but are highly intelligent.
Geez... 2020 is playing dirty
No one has the IQ of him
This is why we've been using - similar to OBS without all the heavy customisations, and multiple people can be invited and it works quite well.
Been working on this for awhile now, and so excited for our first episode, with an amazing cast of, well, characters. We will be streaming live on Twitch, and you'll be able to follow along and influence the outcome! #devopspartygames
RT The Class of 2020 is full of the leaders we need to bend the arc of history toward a better future—and our HBCU grads have…
Sooo good
YES!! Totally down for this. This was one of my favorites as well and ripe for plenty of repeating the lines with friends.
The "So I Married An Axe Murderer" soundtrack is amazing. That's the tweet.
That's a very fair assessment and I do agree... There are multiple contributing factors embroiled in the story.
"Work samples and structured interviews" are what I meant by "better interviews" - sorry I wasn't clear.
I totally respect that by the way. Relationships are hard _before_ kids are added.
I don't disagree with you. But we're talking about 2 weeks... Sure it's hard, but come on... To train your son to use his mom's name so she'll deal with him instead of you, and as an end result she has to fold her company which impacts multiple other people's lives?
Terrible idea, and from what I understand patently illegal! Maybe conduct better interviews, have a better work environment which builds up and educates, and have a bit of empathy. Terrible take here.
Yep... Was discussing this with and
Hear, hear! It's teamwork!
1995 and it was to Cisco 7000 routers and SPARC 20s at an Internet provider, along with a dedicated T1. To say that was a risk to endow an 18 yr old with can not be overstated.
That f*cking man needs whipped and disgraced for being a useless piece of sh!t.
I mean that would make more sense. But no. He's a weak asshat.
WTAF... Throw out the man. Just throw him out.
But wait a second... Is he paying this out of his hotel's account? Clearly shows the check is from his "c/o The Mar-A-Lago Club"...
"Going to do it tomorrow. And tell them hello."
RT The Church is not a building. The Church is a people. People are essential.
The options at are great
Storytelling taken to a whole other level!
Doing the lord's work you were
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Those who claim that the Civil War was about State's rights and aren't appalled and outspoken against Trump when he says he can override the States and their Governors, are revealing what it really was all about - slavery.
Yeah, I have found the integration to be useful for notifications to Slack/Discord, and for moving conversations from Slack/Discord to Discourse for historical and ongoing purposes
I feel like when people are analyzing whether or not to use versus chat platforms like Slack and Discord, that they didn't know that Discourse has a nice integration with those chat platforms
Great idea, and CONGRATS! I personally love
This. 👇👇👇👇
People, people. After wearing a mask to go out in public now for a while, I've figured out why people don't like it: When you burp you get to experience it twice. That being said, for those sleeping in the back WEAR A MASK IN PUBLIC. IT'S FOR PUBLIC SAFETY AND ISN'T ABOUT YOU.
Some good research and insights here from the team on static site generators
In an address to Veterans no less... smh
Epinem
No joke... I'd listen to that
Snoop Digg
Thin Libby
Never document your crimes Gareth. That’s rule Zero.
Yeah, it’s fucking stupid. Here in KC we’re pretty shocked
Next time!
As long as you’re driving it Gareth, I’m in. No candy required.
Hmm - I think I just might submit something!
Good, you’re in. 4p. No excuses.
Who all is going to be in the #BayArea next week for #DevWeek2024? I’m coming in Monday and staying until Saturday, would love to connect! In fact, and I are doing a get together Monday afternoon @ 4p in Oakland! Come hang out! DM one of us for details.
RT Over 800 police officers were at the parade today and over a million civilians who were allowed to be armed. Yet they co…
. : "This was our 4th Super Bowl trophy. And that's more than any other AFC West team!!" 😄🤣🤘 #Chiefs #ChiefsKingdom
I'll be speaking at #DevWeek2024 next week on Friday (Feb 23) at 11:30a PT, about "Developer Experience is Central to DevOps success" ( If you're in SF, use this link to get your free OPEN pass to the event:
And the rest of the NFL groans in despair. Spags is one of the best there has been and the work he’s done with this defense the last few years is amazing.
Fuckin A’ Clifbo, Fuckin A
RT In order to become a Dynasty, you will eventually break the hearts of every fan base that thought they had a chance. That’s why…
Already a game-changer
Would they take the answer of, "By moving off of Java"?
I would say yes. 🤘👐
AWESOME! Congrats! So well deserved!
Green Dab
I chose YouTube because the platform for live streams is easier I think. I don't really engage on them so I don't care about the comment system, etc. Twitch is growing on me for interactive live streaming though, but their interface is so terribly hard to get used to. So busy.
I'm starting the ebook today
So I've been a bit distracted lately... Did I miss the complaints about having to wear a shirt and shoes in order to enter, and to get service in establishments?
Can't wait to celebrate in person with you
This is AWESOME and a great move by EA! I haven't played this game in years but I'm going to have to check it out again!
. has picked up one of the best there is!
This is such good news, and I am so happy for you!!! You're going to do an amazing job.
So yet another claim of voter fraud by Trump collapses.
Same.
I do, however, now have the option to restrict replies… So… Loss?
MRW someone is sharing their _whole desktop_ instead of just the window that needs to be seen
And we're back
Anyone else having Twitter Web login issues? It does this on login and then sends me my 2FA....
RT 😡 PAY YOUR COMMUNITY MANAGERS MORE, A RANT: One thing that never fails to upset me is how little Community Managers get paid.…
If I had known they were recording I wouldn't have started using the equipment! My favourite though was the person doing the flip in the snow, causing the snow people to fall over and the other person to say, "What the hell?"
RT I write about my favorite conference experiences, what made them meaningful, and what changes in a virtual format Also: l…
RT Find out how we use workflows to build our Docker convenience images in this tutorial. Pro tip: We've open-sourced our reposi…
Yup.
What if Poison was wrong and not every rose has a thorn? (HINT: They are wrong, but it’s 80s hair band metal… it’s wrong.)
What if London was not calling The Clash?
What if Led Zeppelin was wrong and she never bought the Stairway to Heaven?
What if Bob Seger had never turned the page?
Sorry for hijacking 🤩
What if Otis Redding had NOT been sittin' on the dock of the bay?
What if Rivers Cuomo was in denial, and it WAS so?
From everything in the announcement, this looks to be a serious contender to Netlify... Going to have to give it a try!
What if that WASN’T the impression that the Mighty Mighty Bosstones got?
What if Wham! DIDN’T want to be woken up before you Go-Go?
What if Green Day WANTED to be an American Idiot?
Empathy for the developer: making 22 year olds love 26 year old software #devrel
Thoughtful tech: how far does your ethical responsibility stretch for the tech your devs create? #devrel
Modernizing Red Hat’s enterprise developer program #devrel
How to rock a technical keynote #devrel
Planning your dev rel career #devrel
I am so fed up with these people.
"Does not taste like gin. It might if you don't drink alcohol though. To be fair, if you don't actually drink alcohol, it might be great." Hardly the ringing endorsement from and
I am so pissed off at this I'm shaking. WTAF? Yes, he is the asshole, and deserve a red hot poker shoved so far up his arse that he loses his sense of smell.
Oh I know. It's tone deaf because no one can, while at the same time their Comms department was tweeting this bullsh!t
I truly don't understand the aversion to wearing a mask when out in public.
Oh ffs
. / can we get this added as a visual definition of "tone deaf?"
RT Here's the video from my #FailoverConf talk, Human-in-the-Loop DevOps, it's about the human relationship and involvement in…
RT Mark your calendars for June 2 at 8PM CT and tune in for the first episode of Irreverent DevOps Party Games! You, the aud…
Dang it! That sucks big time. And I doubt I can get over there before it's converted
RT 💡 Journalism taught me to write for a 4th grade-reading level. In dev, similarly, we should be writing all of our tutorial…
That was going to be my next thing... Calculated firing before June 1 so he can file before the deadline?
I didn't either... It just popped up and I was bored
RT Last Friday I ran a poll here asking about virtual conference formats. I got some great responses and wanted to share wit…
RT What do DevRels do when they’re not traveling? Tune into and catch and d…
RT Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, I've said I'm relying on data and science to tell us how quickly, or slowly, we open u…
Flock of Seagulls was what I had become
I don't think I ever did actually
Lets break this down... 1) Costco membership is just that... A membership. It's a private club and as such they can impose any rule they want. 2) He's a tool and evidently wore a mask to get in the store with his partner then took it off. 3) Hat's off to and their staff
The rhetoric changes daily...
"Red" and "Red 2" are fun, amazingly well done movies with an all-star cast. 20/10 would recommend.
And mine are people complaining about things like the "globalists are spying on us with COVID" Fun fact... I got that thread removed after a few replies and the person who started it got reported for $reasons
So I recall seeing something about driving monitors from the left side USB-C ports consistently causes this across the MBP line the last few years
Or that
You know full well why it's different and are just gaslighting your followers.
The earth is healing
Makes me wonder what moniker Kobach will come back with for himself....
Words to live by
I know, right? If I wanted a Muppet face I'd just murder one and put its head on mine.
RT So we should require insurance, have regular emissions tests, and carry licenses that prove we know how to comply with ru…
Rage Against the Machine mix
Not far from accurate... It was a good experience, with only those with appts being allowed in, no more than 10 ppl total, everyone wears a mask, &amp; the front/back doors were open. I got an appointment early on the first day open because I scared my stylist with my quarantine hair
There is none.
RT This is the #MSBuild talk I'll be livetweeting today.
This here is solid and every #devrel team should take time to process through it!
Skills. Mad respect!
This is really good advice from one of the best speakers out there
Meh.. it was ok
Nicole.
So... Yeah.
So... I might miss it a tiny bit
Quarantine hair no more
RT OY! I'm hosting a reading series of James and the Giant Peach by to raise money for a glob…
RT I read my chapter wearing thigh-high Ugg Boots. Meryl Streep is just learning this now. #TaikaAndFriends
This needs to be your new talk profile pic. Don't @ me
This is amazing.. very impressed with what Microsoft is doing with #MSBuild this year!
This thread could not be a better analogy for where we stand with the lockdowns and the reopenings.
Doesn't Tyler usually have something to do with that?
My daughter just called me Emperor Palpatine, so I guess I have that going for me?
RT This is going to be a lot of fun - I hope to see you all there!
RT What if there was some sort of liquid we could inject into people that would make them immune to all sorts of diseases?
This team continues to build a platform for #devrel and #opensource #community that is amazing!
RT Brilliant comment. No one is fighting for the right to work. They are fighting to receive the services of hairdressers, wait…
I just backed F*ck COVID-19 :: I Survived Coronavirus 2020 Coin!
Youngest and I have eye appointments today... I give him his mask, and he says... "Want to know why I really like this mask, other than that it helps with safety? If someone really annoys me I can mouth.... things.... and they won't know what I'm saying!" Hidden mask bonus.
RT The latest #DevRelWeekly is live with content from
ERMAHERGD! HAPPY BIRTHDAY SASHA!!!!!
What, that someone is actually running Kubernetes in production? Or that the two provided descriptions are upcoming products from a cloud-provider-to-be-named-later?
RT ✨Vanilla Conversations, at its core is about knowledge sharing with you the community builders. We hope you'll join us, to not…
There are 2 ways to answer that.. There are those I trust who are experts &amp; just use their twitter feed to provide analysis on what's happening based on their experience, &amp; there are those who share what they wrote with a bit of background so you still end up on their article
Fine.. I merged it.. 😆🤪
RT Hello, friends! I'm looking for developers interested in building with modern AI and ML technologies to give AP…
Loved this documentary of one of my favourite sports teams, and the greatest player, of all time. #TheLastDance
RT GOAT 👏 #TheLastDance
Not many do... Even with that though, on the ones I have set time on the calendar, I can't make because I'm physically available because these are virtual, and there's 15k other things I have to get done because we are all busier now than before... 乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ
Absolutely! So much harder to attend a virtual conference over a physical one. I've signed up for 4 or 5 virtual events, and seen 1, ONE(!), talk from any of them.
Wow... Did he realise his error yet?
RT Can we give a shoutout to the logistics folks behind #MSBuild? They’re pulling off extraordinary tasks right now. And the…
Netlify or Gatsby has their own service I think
They add such deep bass to my perfect radio voice
So this is happening! Join and me as we host the first ever #devopspartygames!
How to run hackathons when we can’t meet #devrel
Watching #30Rock again, and in Season 2 Jack Donaghy has already said "Make America Great" and "Make America Great Again" a few times.
RT Congrats to the high school Class of 2020, as well as to the teachers, coaches, and most of all, parents and family who’ve…
"Bill Pullman Cosplayer" is another description I never thought I would hear about a US president, but hey, this is 2020....
What does it say about me that I love this video by and how they crash the uppity dinner party?
RT Want to learn how to build a CI/CD pipeline using This tutorial is for you:
This is shaping up to be a nice relaxing afternoon with a great daily mix from Spotify including The Cure, Luscious Jackson, Depeche Mode, and Liz Phair
On this yet another coronavirus shelter-in-place weekend, I give you #alicethebeagle
Pay someone else to do the maths for me?
He is always to blame, and in think he relishes it
RT Graduating is a big achievement no matter what, but with all that the Class of 2020 has dealt with to get across the finis…
And whenever Facebook buys a free platform for lots of money, it comes down to the metadata
It'll be interesting that's for sure, especially given how much giphy is used to share short video clips, including porn
As I understand it, he hasn't been fired yet, just that Trump has started the 30-day timer on "intent to fire", right?
For sure... I am a fan of world's colliding, and I've been lucky to see that happen many times over the years.
Where did you get one of my photos? I sent something similar to my hair stylist who reacted with horror and quickly set me up for Tuesday.
Integrating giphy into the platform would suggest that animated GIFs will be available as replies, new posts, etc. Instagram originally was about sharing your photos and preserving memories. I am picturing (😇) a feed taken over by GIFs (and I love a good GIF!) and that's bleh
Sounds good, I'll get with you after I send the info on
Happen to be open to UK remote?
RT All this work and conversations around virtual conferences, and I have ✨opinions ✨. 🤓 However, I love data. And I'm curi…
RT Pandemics for Dummies. literally was given an Obama-Biden guide on what to do. Good grief.
. loves when I do TikTok dances
🤔 Not sure where to go with that...
Really interesting thread, and now I want to grab the Wired article!
RT Now is not the time to abandon your communities! Find out what online events people are joining and getting involved in an…
If you're aware of a position at your company (or another) for someone with 20 years of experience in DevOps disciplines, and are hiring remote, please reply here with the details or hit me up on DM. I have a great friend who is looking and I would love to get them connected.
RT Important, please share! Anyone going in to work in San Francisco, or anyone who lives in SF and has one or more symptoms…
Today we have the old saying "What's good for the goose is good for the gander" playing itself out. Rushing to judgement is _literally_ what they did.
Oh this is fantastic! Cannot wait for Tina Fey on with special guest appearances by and
Have thought this more than once the last 3 years.
That's great news! Make sure to use sun block.
That was _literally_ the direction I was going to go with a reply... Now I gotta pivot... Thanks Taylor.
Facebook buys giphy to integrate with Instagram... Officially signals the end of any relevance Instagram still had.
Not sure if excited, or....
No... It's a heartwarming mind-warp tale with redemption of villains, and an appearance by Mary Poppins.
I anticipate, nay I expect, regular updates and shared movie watching this weekend.
[2 /2] Ant Man Captain America: Civil War Doctor Strange Black Panther Spider-Man: Homecoming Thor: Ragnarok Ant-Man and the Wasp Avengers: Infinity War Avengers: Endgame Spider-Man: Far From Home
Please tell me you're watching in chronological order.... Captain America Captain Marvel Iron Man Iron Man 2 The Incredible Hulk Thor The Avengers Iron Man 3 Thor: The Dark World The Winter Soldier GotG GotG2 Avengers: Age of Ultron [1 / 2]
I'm still hoping for Gandalf-level coolness to carry a staff, much less keeping my pipe forever on hand. (cc: )
We're all crying, ok?
Happy Anniversary to you both! 🎉❤️🎉❤️
Used Namecheap for years now and been happy
Thanks for the reminder! The winner of the raffle was Thanks to all who attended and helped to make this Episode a great one!
Sometimes you just need to sit in your car and listen to Frozen.
So sorry David!
So I should put this on the list huh?
I'll make sure you're in all the Tok's and on all the Tik's
Ahh interesting... I see a deluge of emails. I must have missed a notification about this! Thanks!
has something changed with how you deploy to Netlify? I go through the process, it deploys correctly to Netlify, but the link to "GitHub" gives a 404 as it's trying to load the site name on your GH/stackbit-projects/[site-name] which either doesn't exist or is private
RT Mark you calendars! We are going live tomorrow, Wednesday May 13 with at 2:00pm ET to talk about #eventdriven arc…
You missed a few below the beard..... #MrClean
RT Vote.
RT Hey #cmgr friends! Our conference is only 1 week away. 🎉We have an amazing lineup- you really don’t want to miss. 😎 Reme…
Happy Thursday. It's Thursday y'all. Here's a cardinal in a cherry tree in my backyard.
RT The community team put together a comprehensive retrospective on #CMXGlobalConnect, our biggest virtual event to date…
Yeah they are good fun. Wick's character is great! The third picks right up where 2 ended, so it continues that ride nicely and seemlessly.
RT This conference is shaping up nicely and I'm particularly excited about the panel I'm involved in! Can't wait to chat with…
I love all 3.... And having seen the training that Keanu goes through for the role... wow. What were your thoughts on 1 and 2?
Oh it's my side job
Better make sure you get a cut of the ad revenue
RT Hey Twitter, have plans tomorrow? I'm going to be chatting with some friends about some of the awesome thin…
Don't mess with her Adrian... We all know tomorrow is Friday.
In dog years....
RT Despite all the time that’s been lost, we can still make real progress against the virus, protect people from the economic…
Congratulations Jose! 🎉🎉 You continue to do amazing work and are killing it there!
I don't think I knew about the GH CLI... Going to give this a look
Building a community platform using WordPress #devrel
Yep, had it for a few weeks with the beta. Takes a bit to get used to it but I like.
I messed up and I’m going to get fired #devrel
A11y pal(ly)- crafting universally good docs #devrel
This is a really great message from If you can, support him by purchasing his amazing artwork (he did my avatar) and more via
This is my daily feeling, even though I know it's not yet....
And bonus is you starring in multiple TikTok videos
Highly recommend
The whole book series is fantastic as well
Thread.
RT Reminder on tomorrow's Open Circle Session with and ... For those who signup and attend, there's a chanc…
This thread accurately shows how the last few months have been tiring, but we can't give up.
Dev rel in the time of Coronavirus: Anthony Kiplimo #devrel
RT I’m trying to understand how if “zoom fatigue” is this thing and omg remote meetings are THE WORST!!! ... How have so ma…
Right on. I HATE apple juice.
Here's an awesome deal on #DevOpsDays KC tickets, for TODAY ONLY!!! #ChiefsKingdom GO #Chiefs
Yeah, that is really sad.
Miss you all, but will see hopefully most if not all of you at DevNexus?
Well, I wore socks with my slippers. So there.
Reported and blocked
Hello friends!!!
I would love this
Yep, good variety with options that cover multiple needs at each truck is essential
RT The play call to win #SBLVIII? "Trips right bunch f shuttle, Tom and Jerry right yellow.” (via
Yeah, that's what we have been looking at, and we're talking max 300 people.
Been known to do this as well.
Yeah for sure. Volume of people is the biggest challenge I think.
Agreed, buffet food is worse as an option than it ever was. Crowd flow is the hardest thing to work with.
Yeah, that's my thing. Catering usually doesn't compare and is always _way_ more expensive. The challenge is dealing with crowd flow.
Situational awareness. Preparation. The little things.
Thinking about different options for food at conferences, and gathering thoughts on food trucks. Yay? Nay? Instead of a poll, would love to hear what you have liked / not liked, and which conferences have done it well that you recall
Now I'm hungry for a corn dog with a little ketchup and mustard. #Chiefs
FFS you're just a massive troll. Brady didn't win by more than 10 points in any of his Super Bowls. Brady was great, but you're so far down his knob you can't acknowledge anything of what Mahomes has achieved.
It's so good
Going on 7 years now, wouldn't have it any other way.
Totally agree. It's so rare to find a good one that it makes it often not worthwhile. Until that time you find one...
_Real_ Kona coffee is good, as is _real_ Antigua. Jamaican Blue Mountain is _ok_ but only the _real_ stuff. I emphasize _real_ because too often what is "called' those is not and only labeled to sell. Coffee's sold on location are rarely the best because they make more exporting.
That varietal was a Pacamara &amp; it was unbelievable, &amp; we even used it on occasion as a single origin espresso &amp; it was amazing (rare). I say rare, as it's not often you find a single origin that is capable of having all of the marks of a good espresso (acidic, sweet, full body).
Such a loaded question... One of my favourites was from El Salvador, a farm called Finca Los Planes (profile here It was always a solid cup, but there was one batch we had at the shop which hit that sweet spot, and the resulting brew was 🎉🎉🎉.
So on that note... South American - generally light roast, with _genuine_ Guatemalan Antigua being the exception in a medium roast. African - light to medium, with Ethiopian _rarely_ being more than light Indonesian - medium to dark, with Sumatran being medium only
Kat mentions and I use which are both great services for quality coffee. My opinions around roast for coffee varietal and country are certainly mine that I cultivated over the years from roasters....
Bottomless looks great! I've been using so far and been really happy with their roaster selection.
Ahhh... This is the content we need more of... So first off, microlots and coffee from micro roasters who actually know how to achieve the specific coffee's prime roast. Whole bean of course, weighed by the gram and not by the spoonful... I could go on about ☕
There's always IRC
RT In 1847, the Choctaw people collected $170 to send to Irish citizens who were starving during the potato famine. Now, donations ar…
RT Hello there 👋 Don't forget to submit your CFP! All proposals are due May 31st
RT And we're LIVE with on
Follow the Auschwitz Museum account. It's important.
"follow a suspect" - he wasn't a suspect in any definition of the word "protect themselves when their life becomes threatened" - REALLY? They're the ones armed, being aggressive, and threatening him. And you're using "stand your ground" in their defence? "Toodles" to you.
/me goes to find it
RT Our first livestream at kicks off with TODAY at 1100 am PT with &amp; We'll t…
I am impressed with their system.
RT We’ve analyzed developer productivity, work cadence, and collaboration on GitHub in the early days of COVID-19 and are excited…
I was not aware there is a movie coming. I know what I am doing July 3rd!
Have done this a couple of times, and if you're able to it can be worth it.
Lord Farquar == Lord Drumpf
Then probably not as fun
Depends... Do you have the torch and anvil?
Narrator (checking his notes): Oh they did... They did. Literally played the game with the transition staff. Trump just fired them all and closed the office.
RT By dropping the charges against a guilty crony, Donald Trump is declaring there are two systems of justice in America: one…
I have a feeling that personal and game have bled together at this point for a lot of us
I can neither confirm nor deny, but Matty also enjoyed hitting his neighbor and accusing them of having fleas, so...
I am not searching for a Nintendo Switch to purchase so I too can play #AnimalCrossingNewHorizions - you are.
Seeing get so excited about finding out that he can see the back of the server racks in his server room in his #AnimalCrossingNewHorizons house gives me the giggles.
Oh it is... And in one sitting it is so rewarding and delicious
RT During National #HospitalWeek, I would like to thank hospitals and healthcare workers in Kansas and across the nation fo…
Per a recommendation from I'm enjoying
Orange Baby throws tantrum.
RT If you’re thinking about how to start a virtual community right now, remember the cmty is the people not the platform. I…
I want to join these shenanigans
RT Get your week started right w/a new episode from Community Pulse! This time, we dig into online communities: how to su…
This article perfectly encapsulates why I want/need/must have live music again.
Pray tell?
So I just tried to break apart a chocolate rice cake and ended up spraying rice cake pieces all over my desk. If you need me, I'll be over here licking chocolate rice cake off of my desk.
This is sooo cool and definitely going to use this
Amazing.... My eyes are leaking... and yours should too. #BackToTheFuture is one of my all-time favourites, and to see this cast, including Michael, is so glorious!
RT I’m sad to say that my father, Jerry Stiller, passed away from natural causes. He was a great dad and grandfather, and the…
In what will be our 2nd live stream, we'll be working with COVID19 data streams via - stop by / subscribe to and join us!
Online Community Management (Ep 47) #devrel #community
The B1-B was a nuclear platform until the first Gulf War
I have taken from my hammock.. so satisfying
RT For my American friends, we say ‘mum’ in Canada. The guilt translates universally though.
If you're a fan of Norsemen, Saxons, Britons, and general England lore then I can't recommend Bernard Cornwell's "The Saxon Stories" book series, and the Netflix show "The Last Kingdom" that is based on them. So well done on both accounts.
RT Mother's Day during quarantine doesn't mean you can't do things like give mom a macaroni necklace. It just means that ne…
Actually never saw it... But it seems like the sort of movie he'd die in.
I missed where she asked for advice....?
Just finished watching "Troy" for the first time in awhile. Can anyone think of a movie that Sean Bean actually survived through to the credits, outside of this one?
I feel this so hard
Just you watch... I will likely use less than half
I bought 4 today
RT Afghan hounds only come in 2 varieties: starlet with a terrible secret or Bay Area therapist
I'm installing it
That's awesome Tyler! Love the soundtrack... Was that what she was listening to?
I feel like I should join NextDoor
Really nice looking kitchen though
Staying socially distant I see!
I didn't know you painted! Awesome work!
Wow... Never put that together.
RT “Tutti Frutti” is a 65 YEAR-OLD recording and it still sounds like Little Richard is IN THE ROOM WITH YOU shaking the wal…
Dude take care. If you need anything let me know!
RT I didn't spend my childhood in barbed wire enclosed internment camps so I could listen to grown adults today cry oppressio…
"Hi, my name is Jeremy, and I have a problem with buying domain names."
Hey, I'm with Leslie Knope. Kale is a big nope.
That's the speed directly at the router 😀. Google Fiber is awesome.
Oh, I have little doubt. And this response illustrates how that will happen - you believe in, and amplify, teamwork, and it shows in everything that happens around you.
Fantastic weekend reading.
Nothing quite like family picture time, with big brother earnestly making sure little sister is in the picture because he loves his little sister. See
Going to be a great time during our first Twitch livestream!
That's in the Google WiFi app. I get the same results on Speedtest as well.
Oh how I love
I was 296,894!!!
RT We're now offering rooftop pickup. Just shout which movie you want into the Quickdrop return slot and Danny will huck…
It's a glorious shirt
RT With a very heavy heart, I hang my #CloudFoundry notebooks up and get ready to take on an "Audience Marketing" role at #Hashi…
Swarna, you're an inspiration to so many. You've knocked it out of the park at CF, and are going to continue doing amazing things at Hashicorp. Congratulations!!!
I thought that was a Tech Bro Neckbeard?
Woohoo! 🎉🎉🎉 Congratulations!
I'm flattered, but I am already married Sam.
Ahh... Truth.
Salute together
If social distancing ever lifts then we will make this happen
Well, I got to say. Finding it on tap is a pretty momentous and special occasion.
Going to go eat mine with PBR. From a can.
Hmm... First time I've seen (and subsequently bought) the Little Bites but I haven't looked either.
I'm here for this content.
No no... These are smaller than the regular Frosted Mini Wheats and new.
Bite sized are amazeballs... But have you heard about our lord and saviour Little Bites?
Oh absolutely agree. My favourites are Oatmeal Squares, Frosted Mini Wheats, or Cinnamon Toast Crunch
RT #OnThisDay 40 years ago, #smallpox was made history. It's the only human disease to be eradicated so far. A lesson we must take…
Grumble, grumble, something, something, fine.
Pics and/or video please. This sort of entertainment must be shared.
RT On Wednesday, we will be going LIVE on with for a casual live code sessi…
Got it!
How many 9's are preferred for uptime?
What are the core tenets of being a DevOps Engineer?
RT There's been too much "we don't want to scare people" and its alter ego cousin "we don't want to give people a false sen…
RT 🧠 intuition + 📈 data = 🦸‍ community superpowers. Learn how to go beyond gut feeling to make intentional decisions about eng…
Oh you have no idea....
We love you!!!
RT This tutorial shows you how to deploy applications using CircleCI, Terraform, and
Are you passionate about technical communities, obsessed with making developers happy? Do you love open source, &amp; what drives developers to engage &amp; contribute? If so, then you should check out our Technical Community Manager position here at
Trump definitely finds him pretty handy
RT Trump’s campaign invited Russian help, made full use of it, then covered it up. Then, Trump sought more illicit help fr…
Congrats!
RT In the next edition of Open Circle Sessions we'll be discussing Matrix Jobs, &amp; how they allow you to write simple configs for…
This is perfect.
Again... corruption right out in the open.
Cause this is fine... It's not like we have an election coming where many in the US will have to use the USPS to vote.
RT Join me in an hour (10 AM PT) to hear how I apply DevOps principles to my parenting.
This is an interesting development... Having been a long-standing user of Keybase, I see how Zoom could integrate it, but it leaves a LOT of questions about the Keybase app itself.
That has been done. Thanks!
RT Many have asked how COVID has impacted the way we work. The brilliant and our data analytics team dug into acti…
RT We shot this last year as an attack ad on a *certain* coffee company - but it kinda evolved into a quarantine ad to he…
Interesting... Will be trying lots of things here soon!
This is definitely interesting. Do you have a guide for setting up Skype and NDI?
has something similar, but it doesn't look like they can have guests on the stream. To do that you need to stream from another platform to them and then they push it out to wherever you want.
What? Did it not contain pictures?
RT For non-coders, a little explanation of why mobile apps from Google, Spotify, Apple, NYT, Venmo, Walmart and many others all…
Either that or glorious Dreamweaver
Describe yourself ONLY using pictures you have. You CANNOT search for or download new pictures.
Full on echo chamber on display
It's my favourite. Makes me laugh and cry like nothing else.
Right? I just don't get these people. I mean I do. But, I don't.
She doesn't know....
Here we see the infamous "bullet egg", formed when the chicken _really_ had better things to do than properly lay the egg.
RT I need your help. What have you seen *go wrong* when your org started implementing DevOps practices. I want some real hor…
Come to Kansas City. Seriously. Best BBQ.
Some really interesting announcements coming out of #GitHubSatellite
Ready for and her talk at #GitHubSatellite on "How to get from ideas to contribution in minutes". Watch at
I ate it too fast... But here's the same sandwich, the Average Joe (which looks just like this and tastes f'ing amazing)
Heck, my "Full Stack" is this fantastic BBQ sandwich from
RT Join &amp; CircleCI on Tue May 12 @ 1100a PT on We'll talk how smoke testing deployments from CI/CD pipelines in…
RT We've extended the deadline for the #devrel survey! Join in and share your views on developer relations, your programme,…
RT Hola Twitter Friends, my handle was hacked and deleted. I started a new account so if you get a new follow from me its bc…
This is the video which set Trump off today
RT As for Virtual Events, if you are a tech company that frequently sponsors an event, why would you want to sponsor it? What e…
RT In the three years Trump has been running for re-election, he and the RNC have already spent $746 million. Trump's approval nu…
Hey, it's the Internet, and hot takes and sh¹tposting don't need to be accurate
Discord is really just open source Slack, down to the use of Electron.
Happy Birthday! We'll always have that day....
Did you happen to check your mouth?
All hinges on your reply...
RT MFW I create a symbolic link in Unix
He fancy then...
RT Be that and even more. Let's be the progress we want in this world.
Forget the pants... why are you wearing hair?
DUDE..... Happy Birthday, but.... WOAH!
RT I built a Next.js + Markdown blog and wrote a tutorial on how to do it yourself! It's my first post on the official
Thanks for the feedback! We’re currently looking into improving the order of listing the orbs.
Speaking of, have you watched Rebels? She is in there which kinda picks up from Clone Wars (unsure how long after).
Last I read/heard, Ahsoka will be joining The Mandalorian. Let's hope that kicks off a series of her own.
Which is what he intended in 2016 when he and his campaign assumed they would lose.
It was so sad... These last two episodes were tough to watch.
Vampire Lovers Everywhere: "Hold my hemoglobin?"
Everyone: COVID-19: Meyer: Sure, since you asked nicely, here's another moody, hipster vampire soap opera book.
Yay! Congrats to my good friend !! is lucky to have her!
Wow... Didn't even realise Inkspace wasn't already 1.0......
RT The agile software development methodology was an important chapter in the history of DevOps. Read on to learn how and why it…
RT Today, we're going to take a look back at the early history of DevOps practices and how they evolved. Remember the waterfall…
RT Toddler skull X-rays are terrifying. That is all.
RT What feels like 17 years ago, we were shooting an epic first ad for This is not that ad.
RT Amazon VP, resigns over #covid firings of me, and others. Says Amazon “firing whistleblowers” is “evide…
RT In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump h…
Watching "La La Land" for the first time with my wife and daughter. Love this opening scene on an LA overpass.
RT JFK April 27, 1961: "that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment-- the only business in America specifically pro…
I also blame you for the ads that will now clutter my web experience
Fine...
I wouldn't know.... 🤪
RT This is how Americans now interpret freedom: Not as a political condition in a democratic society, but as a constant chan…
Please! We've f*cked things up so far for the last few millenia, we need a change of management.
Some "smoking accessory"
One of these things is not like the other
OH: "Don't touch my hammock!"
When lounging, one wears their lounge slippers
I'm seeing a trend...
There is always an exception to the rule.. meaning that cheesecake is great but I shall from here on out refer to it as "cheesepie"
Americans
Having people in leadership who understand what they actually are is essential as well
This.
See, that's more pie than cake
RT See everybody next September !
RT Pure joy.
RT Deadpool: A Hugh Hope
Exactly. They played well, but at the end of the game, they couldn't. It happens.
This wins. Hands down.
RT THE CHIEFS ARE INEVITABLE‼️ Kansas City wins Super Bowl LVIII 🏆
#Chiefs
Good game 49ers. Good game.
Patrick Mahomes. Game. Set. Match. #GOAT #Chiefs
RT THE CHIEFS ARE BACK-TO-BACK SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS!
RT The Kansas City Chiefs: Repeat Super Bowl champions. A dynasty.
RT Patrick Mahomes is the greatest quarterback of all-time.
So 1m 53s left for Mahomes down 3 in the Super Bowl. Even when they've not played well overall, those are great odds.
Missing Bieniemy big time. 71% red zone TDs last year, 52% this year
Good job moving the ball, but this whole season it's been evident how much the #Chiefs have missed Bieniemy as OC. Play calling all year in the red zone has been atrocious. 71% red zone TDs last year vs 52% this year. #ChiefsKingdom
RT TOUCHDOWN KANSAS CITY #Chiefs #SuperBowl
LET'S GO #CHIEFS
LFG! #Chiefs
Matt, you owe me one cup of coffee which has been spit upon the ground
Paging
President and the First Mister.
Alright... Now I'm disagreeing with you... Cheesecake is a hybrid and is delicious.
RT It's day 3 of May so it's time for our third installment of who sexually assaulted. Meet Rachel Crooks.…
Come and get them Emily! We will have a metric pie-ton of them soon
Tabs are better than spaces.
For sure, and the Ravagers' showing up and honouring him was awesome.
#TeamPie
My wife has just volunteered to be the tester of said cakes and pies. Submit all entries to her.
That's an interesting wedding cake
"You shouldn't have killed my mom and squished my Walkman"
Umm.. I hate to break it to you, but if your cake is that hard, you have other problems.
On more than one occasion I have had birthday pie. It's the best.
Pie is a weapon. Everyone uses a pie, because pie is powerful, and valuable. Now I'm hungry, for pie. Thanks Matt.
So... About that... 🤨🥺
Fair.
One of my favourites
Pie. That's all. There. Settled it.
Doesn't take much effort to add marshmallows, mostly air anyways, to a cake mix. A good pie takes effort and craft.
"I'm Mary Poppins y'all!"
As you should.
And why is Cake growing in numbers? Did vote already?
2020... I am not amused.
"I have famously huge turds." -Drax
Since I'm assuming you're referring to the dessert and not the band, I shall choose the better dessert.
Exactly this. It's never as easy as people think to write something and then deliver it in front of any audience. It's sometimes torture.
8-1-0-8.....
The moments when Maul and then Ahsoka sense #Order66 .... And then Rex fighting against it... Heartbreaking.
Watching yesterday's episode of #CloneWars ... They've done a good job integrating the timeline with Episode III.
RT Our Dockerfile Wizard lets you easily build and deploy your own custom Images on CircleCI. All you need is a DockerHu…
And looks like information leading up to the #2020Primary in #ksleg has all stated the same thing - that for this primary you need to have the ballots received by today. The lack of the KS Secretary of State website being updated falls on the
As long as they are postmarked by today they're fine.
"Voters can also hand-deliver their advance ballot to the county election office or any polling location within their county by the close of polls on Election Day."
"Advance ballots are mailed to voters starting 20 days before the election and must be post-marked on or before Election Day and received no later than three days after the election...."
Feels like that's a trick question... 🤪
RT As a white man watching the #MichiganProtests of Gov Whitmer's #StayAtHome orders, all I could think was: Black people…
Just have another couple chai and you'll make it through
RT If you have the opportunity and you are a fan of music, I highly recommend #BeastieBoysStory - it’s amazing to hear it strai…
Watched it... When Ad-Rock had to ask MikeD to finish his lines... Geez I lost it
"I'd rather be a hypocrite, than the same person forever." -King Ad-Rock, aka #AdamHorovitz
MRW I find out close friends haven't seen #ParksAndRec
Here we go again... Trump blocking someone from testifying while Congress performs its Constitutional right to provide oversight on the Administration and their corruption.
It's always those in red...
Sums up stay-at-home
Our KenTacoHut closed permanently a few years back. It was perfect when growing up because everyone could get their desired meal. And a McDonald's was right next door.
You're doing such a great job with this and your work at Hashicorp. Keep it up, keep learning, and keep giving back!
Reminds me of the KenTacoHut here when I was in high school
RT We've live on Twitch! Watch as and configure a pipeline to deploy an application to #Kubernet…
I had one.. probably still do in a box somewhere
RT Sharing message from the discord: If you're watching #DIDevOps today (or another day, that's okay too!) o…
No, this is not a militia group. This is a bunch of terrorists. Substitute skin colour and I guarantee they would have been removed or killed. #MichiganTerrorists
Happy birthday Jen!
This is great news for .ORG domains and the internet as a whole
RT An open and independent press is more important than ever in times like this. They deserve to be treated with respect — not b…
And being slightly drunk at the same time made it even better
. is an awesome human, and a great example of what a dev advocate should be. You would be lucky to have her!
Congrats Phil! You've done amazing work, and been a trailblazer for so many companies. Excited to see what's next for you!
If you didn't setup a password from the beginning, then you'll need to use the "Forgot password" link first to start the process to enable 2FA.
RT Very Fine People #MichiganTerrorists
6, 10, 11 Agreed on sweet potato fries
RT CNN's is the proud father of a newborn baby boy. Wyatt Morgan Cooper, named after Anderson's father, was born on M…
RT Wyatt Morgan!! Hearty congratulations to one of the good guys, , on the birth of his brand new baby boy…
She's amazing and I have no doubt
Me: I cried at that BBC Radio 1 video of "Times Like These". Wife: I know you did. M: It's because I have feelings and you don't. W: I do have a few, just not enough to call actual plural.
I needed this tonight in "Times Like These". Thank you
I shed a tear at the end. Not afraid to admit it. One of the best shows of all time.
Specific info for reopening Kansas at starting with Phase 1 on May 4
RT It’ll be my first time giving a talk 3 times in 24 hours but I am going to drink disgusting amounts of coffee for you peo…
RT Microsoft Build 2020 registration is not only open, it's FREE, it's LIVE, it's VIRTUAL, and it is all FOR YOU
RT Tune in to Twitch tomorrow for Part 3 of and configuring to deploy an application to #Kuberne…
Don't be that guy, while at home. Just put your laptop away the _first_ time!
The level of arrogance and entitlement there just blows my mind...
This is so fracking fantastic! (thanks for the ping)
Some really great advice here!
RT Do you suffer from Shiny Object Syndrome? Want to learn how to avoid it? Join us on Friday May 8th at 5pm to hear all that An…
RT We are LIVE with and talking about how to optimize your pipelines. If you didn't already si…
And so quickly too
Dev rel in the time of coronavirus: Chris Castle #devrel
RT Here are the questions for this week: ⚡️How do you incorporate #ChaosEngineering at your company? 😵 Have a story where…
It's OK to not be OK. This thread is a must read for everyone.
Getting your set-up ready for streaming dev rel #devrel
Scaling adoption with developer targeted video content #devrel
Congrats to the team!!
#SchittsCreek will live on in my heart, and in my Zoom backgrounds
Fine.
RT Happy Wednesday, friends! I'm running #ToggleTalk for today! I'm pleased to tell you this week's topic is a…
How would we even have a conversation then?
I am most definitely crying - there are no onions around. Watch as and #DaveGrohl honour one of the #HealthcareHeroes in NYC
RT Our perceptions of developer marketing (when done well) has changed drastically since recording an episode with
or would probably be a good resource!
Perfect. Same. Cheers dude.
Yep... I have already posted some winners
Some of these are pretty good...
RT One of the greatest Chiefs ever ✊ Thank you for everything, Dustin!
From the "head" of the task force... Me thinks he has no idea how things work.
RT I do not want companies “protected from liability” for ordering their employees back to work too soon. I want companies…
You left out timezone, so I can only assume you meant UTC. And I concur.
Depends on the hat
Grifter-in-Chief loves the quid-pro-quo
So you're ok with a second term of Trump?
Sending virtual hugs my friend.
That's annoying
Some good info if you're considering, or currently are, sponsoring a podcast from a veteran in the biz
And as a sponsor it's problematic as well. You sponsor for many different reasons, but at the end of the day you do it for some ROI (intrinsic and extrinsic) - you have to. Online conferences have got to figure that out.
I mentioned this in another thread, but it's far too easy to be distracted and take that call, or meeting, or answer that email which then means I miss the virtual conference. Add to that the need to try and engage with the attendees while still being distracted...
Totally! And for the author to list _themselves_ as well? WTF?
Cannot wait to dive into this Rwandan coffee courtesy of (local roaster and long time favourite) and (subscription)
WTF is this sh!t? The first woman doesn't come until #18, with two despicable misogynists above them? Who the f*ck came up with this ridiculousness?
Really good episode from with some good, actionable steps as well as discussion around setting boundaries. Rework - Going Remote: Kids at Home
RT OMG! Chris is looking for a Developer Advocate job! I worked closely with him at and I'm a better person for it. You…
RT SaaS community builders: have your heard of NRG? It's a metric from for measuring just organic growth. Yep…
If your online conference is in need of an MC who will gladly dress up as Bilbo Baggins... look no further than and his RubyConf Portugal 2015 entrance....
This better not be Biden announcing Hillary as his running mate. This would serve the purpose of handing the election to Trump (again).
So... Enable Trump... leave office instead of losing in an election... and now when your potential future political ambitions are in jeopardy because the GOP party has gone off the rails you speak out? Go away Mr. Flake.
This is what I fear about virtual conferences. It's far too easy to be distracted and take that call, or meeting, or answer that email which then means I miss the virtual conference. Add to that the need to try and engage with the attendees while still being distracted...
Word on the street is that the WFH prize has something to drink coffee in, something to hold a microphone, a microphone, and a webcam... Everyone says so.
Oh for sure I'm using it as well! Makes me laugh each time I hear it, and I can't help but wonder if it got left in there by accident LOL
RT Y’all. Stay home.
I am feeling really left out...
RT Me writing up a Jira ticket for the engineers:
Always gets me too. No shame.
"Listen to me, okay? And please believe what l'm saying. l truly don't like you. . . as a person. Can't one human being not like another human being? Can't we all just not get along?" #LizLemonQuotes #30RockRocks
If you're watching #30Rock and you don't do something expressive during the theme song when the trumpets blare, you're doing it wrong.
Wow... Seeing check down the line looking for the hole and then exploding through it reminds me of Priest Holmes. #ChiefsKingdom got someone special!
I had to go find the Reddit post to look at the comments... wow...
Would be really great if joined forces with other States. #ksleg
So... That's _exactly NOT_ how this works at all / You can't put a TOS on someone else's platform. I am quite certain your Legal Team knows this - and you should probably consult with them. I'm sure / would love to clear that up.
After Pulse: Developer Relations and Developer Marketing #devrel #community
RT DevOps is no longer a new concept. There are now entire tool ecosystems, methodologies, and resources available to guide comp…
See, that's why you're so good at what you do. You never stop leading thoughts, even on a Monday! Ain't no rest for wicked thought leaders!
I've heard good things about these from ( )
OH: "😎"
My coworker Alice prefers to frolick and piss in the backyard
Dropping truth bombs so early in the week!
RT The next Open Circle Sessions is this week! On Thu Apr 30 at 10a ET, we will be discussing with (Staff Software En…
RT As mentions, #CFSummit will be virtual in June (times are in US Central). Please do not hesitate to reach out…
RT Travelling #DevRel folk, are you chomping at the bit to get back on the road as soon as 🦠 permits?
I endorse this even though I don't like them.
Thus is something I can get behind
Thoughts and prayers
I've had Lingonberry Jam and it was fantastic. Not a fan of fish eggs.
Why?
I'm a fan of eggs.. not a fan of British beans and tomato sauce but I'm ok with them being on the same plate. That's the closest they can get
So the plan to fully shift to politicizing the pandemic for re-election is on, even while people die because of lack of leadership.
This whole thread is gold, but this specific tweet is gold.
Who told you that's what and I called you?
I can only assume they tortured it and killed it as an offering to the Spaghetti O's gods who are undoubtedly behind this abomination
Shot glass?
Quarantine hair don't care
#AliceTheBeagle is pooped
Also, I will not be held responsible for my actions if any of you say anything to the effect of, "I'd try that" or "Looks good".
We've reached a new level of #CoronavirusHell... WTAF....?
I haven't watched it yet... That probably changes tonight
Yes...
RT And now, a message from Dr. Anthony Fauci. #SNLAtHome
"I don't want to disgrace the peacock." #ThingsKennethSays #30RockRocks
Finally! #Winning
Check is in the mail
That's an interesting thought...
RT In moments of crisis, we look out for one other. And we need leaders with empathy who will bring people together rather th…
Yeah, all good thoughts... And I could see it working early on
Some really good info this time around from the team
I love the stuff they have, but hate the commercials
Is that your secret?
See, I get that use case if you're promoting yourself as something you provide as a service. But all too often I see people just promoting themselves as someone that should be followed...
Ahh... So that's how I do it? I've been going about it all wrong.
I truly want to know the answer to this question... Why does someone feel the need to pay Twitter to promote their profile, asking you to follow them?
Once you are done with the puzzle you need to take sticker pictures of people and put them there and then frame it and put it on your wall
Do I want to know?
That I doubt that tea had proper milk in it.
The closing battle between The Jackal and Jason Bourne in "The Bourne Ultimatum". Read the full trilogy from Ludlum in my teens at least 3 times.
Props to and for this _huge_ increase in support for #OpenSource projects!
OH: They have a face I could not tolerate on a Monday morning. I can barely tolerate it on a Saturday morning, so Monday is definitely out.
IYKYK
Ahh, good times. I was thinking about that recently
RT News: PostgreSQL 17 Released!
Twin Lakes Campground, Twin Lakes, CO
You got it!
Well I will be on a plane leaving Kansas City at 5p and not getting on until after 11p. I will definitely have seen it at least once by then
Yeah, so.... I know what I'm doing October 1st
OH: Forking is hard.
Basketball, in the bathroom? 😏😂 It was tobacco.
Somebody is definitely smoking in this airport bathroom
That is always a solid group!!
This was shared over on Mastodon... The BBC released their sound effects library!
RT CEO ⁦ explores Forking in ⁦ and will be joined by ⁦ and ⁦ to discuss t…
SPECIAL TEAMS!!
RT you can’t say you’re for border security but vote against the border security bill
RT The Super Bowl ads about Jesus from a group calling itself, “He Get Us,” also donated $50 million to anti-LGBTQ hate grou…
Yeah, it looks sooo much like the original plot that I'm already panning it in my head
Yeah, it's a sequel, but not sure it makes it better
The #Chiefs locker room will be a very intense, focused assembly.
TFG's not gonna like you calling him out like this
RT A reminder, again, that the "He Gets Us" Jesus ads exist purely to fundraise for an SPLC-designated hate group
As it should be. LFG #Chiefs #chiefskingdom
Yep, this is good stuff Matty and I couldn't agree more.
100% agree here. Engineering is a tenuous place to be for a department that has expenses (outside of FTE). When inside Marketing you are a SMALL % of the budget, but inside Engineering you're a LARGE % of the budget. That's the economic risk.
I responded to the original tweet in 2020, and then more replies started popping up, like this one. WTF happened?
The root cause is a good thing to do you have the best time
Hah! I meant in real life after whatever happens on this show. But the fact he was kicked off that quickly makes it even more likely.
I’m not even watching the show, but yeah I totally wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up some mid-level villain
OMFG… The pretentiousness just pours out of that doucheCanoe with every unblinking word he says.
It might not be worth the price, however it's doing well for me and has lots of uses (connects to tripod, can flip, etc)
Community and/or 30 Rock... I'm happy with either of those.
The Logitech c92x series is pretty popular, and I love my Logitech StreamCam. Couple both with the Webcam Settings app on Apple Store (if you're using Mac of course) and you're in pretty good shape.
Last I heard there wasn't one scheduled... Thankfully. Would be a perfect time to make use of the 25th amendment, but ┐( ˘_˘)┌
So cute! How are her and Shorty getting along?
RT The answer to “am I parenting right?” is always “is anyone dead yet? Is anyone injured? Is anything on fire? If no…
CEO of the stigma that you have a feeling it's been awhile since we have been the most important thing.
RT
RT Anyone else curious what "any other routes" are being suggested?
Congrats to you both! 🎉
RT When I reach 10k followers on twitter the true secret of devops success will be revealed. That’s not a threat. It’s a p…
Snapchat filters... Get with the program!
This will be a great upcoming episode!
Go check out #devrelcon earth! Register for free or submit a talk!
RT If we want life to approach anything like normal anytime soon, we need a comprehensive testing program. It’s not going to…
A month ago. A month ago! I'm convinced that is the true sage of our times.
RT #Devrel in the time of coronavirus. Steve Pousty ( chats about the transition from conference speaker to home-based…
An awesome thread from on debugging!
You're supposed to get it into the lungs.... snorting it or breathing it in a confined space should do the trick.
RT How to medical
It's really the only way for us to know if it works or not.
Yesterday we saw, on live TV, the reason companies put warning labels on their products.
I just found this out because of you. "The episode is based on the the present-day pandemic and will follow Leslie Knope as she attempts to stay connected with her former Pawnee Parks Department co-workers in the age of social distancing...."
Gotta make money off stupidity
You've whitewashed your turds. You've achieved what noone thought possible.
RT While we continue to wait for a coherent national plan to navigate this pandemic, states like Massachusetts are beginning…
"manuevering the vehicle to a complete stop" 😆😅
Sadly it is in a lot of places in the US. Open carry laws are a relic of our past.
4. Blow everyone away with your insight and expertise around developers.
This is really good advice. #TheGoodPlace
Deplorable behaviour... I love my state, but things like this make me sad for my state.
I just don't get this... Why do they feel the need, other than maybe being unable to buy a big truck right now, to dress up in war gear? /smdh #ksleg
It's Innerspace! We've finally got a reason to use the technology from that 1987 documentary. /smdh
RT Verify Your turn
Am I the only one in #ChiefsKingdom that sees a Damien Williams clone in ? Welcome to Kansas City!!
Paging to this informative discussion on pens
Did he play WR in college? 😆🤞
I love Rodgers, even as a Chiefs fan, but this really made me laugh.
RT
Congrats Konrad! 🎉
We are hiring at CircleCI for a variety of roles, including some in Product. Have a look and DM me with any questions.
Hey Jill... We are hiring for a Head of People at CircleCI. DM if you want to chat about the company, etc.
Checking with my sister it seems I misremember and it was likely a penny or a nickel per weed/dandelion... And my mom added this: "A penny. Maybe a nickle for a big one or she found a lot of money on her walk. 😂"
And they'll be indirectly confirming what many of them are so vehemently opposed to... Darwin's survival of the fittest. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Narrator (in Movie Trailer Man voice): In tonight's episode of "Orange-coloured Insanity", Trump tells us to drink disinfectant and put ultraviolet light into our bodies"
My grandma paid me I think a dime per weed I picked growing up.
No, because they've believed all the other hair-brained, idiotic things he's said up to this point. Nothing will persude them from following Der Leader.
Somebody told grandpa about the plot to "Innerspace"
Ahh good point.
I'm looking for someone in your DevRel org - you got anyone that can ping me?
I have successfully resisted the urge this time to send you a "hi" DM as opposed to last time you brought something like this up
RT If you are building an open source project, providing coding guidelines is critical. You want to avoid people submitting the…
Well ok...
What kind of craziness is going on in your bedroom?
RT The next Open Circle Sessions is coming up on Thu Apr 30 at 7a ET / 1400 UTC with Staff Software Engineer We'll b…
RT Closing statement to #FailoverConf from at
Good to know that the Federal Government can now stop bailing out Kentucky (top 10 of most dependent on Federal Government per Thanks for the go ahead
Maybe because the question implies something else entirely. I'll stop now.
RT Announcing #DevRelCon Earth 2020, an online #devrel event series starting on June 30th and running every Tuesday and Thu…
It's an untested and unsafe drug _for COVID-19_. It's always had side effects for malaria just like any other drug, and those are well known by those who take it out of necessity.
When I hear that a friend finally find a new job that values them for who they are, what they bring to the company, and then _also_ pays them accordingly... My joy knows no bounds!
Thanks for the shade this morning....
RT Hey #WordPress friends! I am looking for someone who has a design eye and some front-end technical chops to spruce up a commu…
The number of bots in the replies is revealing
Especially considering there are vast differences between the different versions of GPL/LGPL... That list could definitely do with some tender loving care.
"My mother always told me that even when things seem bad, there's someone else who's having a worse day. Like being stung by a bee. Or getting a splinter. Or being chained to a wall in someone's sex dungeon." #30RockRocks #KennethQuotes
Narrator: Lou Dobbs, everyone! 👏👏🤦‍♂️
Congratulations! Love the build-up!!
RT OH: “For those of you who think that it is entirely unrealistic that they would keep trying to re-open Jurassic Park afte…
RT
Teach us your ways
RT "nOtHiNg yOu sEe on HiS coLLegE tApE tRanSLaTeS to tHe NFL." coming in HOT with the RECEIPTS🐸☕️
For my money they really take the Cake
This is so painful... and so comical at the same time. I really pity Anderson Cooper here.
After a day like this, it seems I really needed this radio playlist on
RT Statement of Dr. Rick Bright: “Yesterday, I was removed from my positions as the Director of the Biomedical Advanced Resear…
Ahh, ok.
I'm afraid to ask....
That's what I'm about to do but my wife is using her veto power
RT If you have a question, if you want cool answers, and if you can find them, maybe you ask #AMinuteOnTheMic. I can help solve…
RT Someone give this fellow a column on the NYT op-ed page.
RT Learn how to automate your Nuxt.js app deployment in this beginner-level tutorial:
Quarantine hair who dis?
As a dog owner, this is spot on accurate
Pretty insightful take on what COVID-19 means for communities
RT We've all had to adapt to cope with a pandemic. Climate change will force far harsher changes on our kids. All of us shoul…
RT Vice President is the antithesis of everything stands for, and his personal triumphs and tra…
Developer Relations and Developer Marketing (Ep 46) #devrel #community
RT I’m gonna start calling Sean Hannity BROVID-19.
RT Pro tip: Just because businesses are open doesn’t mean you should be going to them. #StayHome
RT The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We need to immediately expand vote-by-mail, online voter r…
That's not going to sit well with Trump's donors
Such a great interview that did with about the end of and its legacy...
RT I did it! I launched the Leading Online Communities course! 🎉 (link below.)
RT Life is pain. Anyone who says differently is selling devops.
Enjoying some great #FailoverConf content while working outside on my back deck. Thanks for driving this!
Duo works well, and integrates with Android Messages
Something something repeat history...
RT Via the A malaria drug widely touted by President Trump for treating the coronavirus showed no benefit in a large analysi…
Mac will definitely output display via USB-C/DisplayLink... however, a limitation is it will only do a max of 2 + the laptop display. I had an external usb-c peripheral that allowed for dual display on the box and I still couldn't use a 3rd display via extra adapter. Annoying.
Dev rel and coronavirus: Steve Pousty #devrel
Inspiring and empowering users to become great writers, and why that’s important #devrel
Announcing DevRelCon Earth 2020 #devrel
RT In Spain, a taxi driver was known for taking patients to the hospital, free of charge. One day, he got a call to pickup a…
I approve of your life choice
/me goes to put animated GIFs in my email signature
Dennis: You can't kick me out, I love you. Liz: No, no, get your stuff &amp; get out. I'm not doing this anymore. D: You can't kick me out, I got squatters rights. L: Which is it? You love me, or you have squatters rights? D: I don't see why they're mutually exclusive. #30RockRocks
RT The President needs to stop blaming others and do his job.
Save a beer for me!
I have a feeling I'm going to be taking a tour to see all of my friends
Oh I love sushi.....
Sounds fair...
Oh yes! I can't wait for this for you!
Or both!!
This sounds fantastic!
Rinse. Repeat.
Reply to this tweet with the first thing you're doing after quarantine.
Am I the only one surmising that there's someone in Trump's circle that writes these and sends them to him to feed his ego, his love affair with dictators, and to have a laugh at his expense?
Seeing as we have idiots out walking around (that's not a dig on Iowa btw), it's time to revisit this literary treasure.
RT Wonderful morning physics 🧵 from
Give it time.... I'm sure you can find one. =)
You can do it on iOS if you have a third party app. On Android, it's baked in on most devices from the last year or two.
So. Much. This.
Scrolling screenshots on mobile... They're awesome!
RT Have questions about #COVID19? Find answers on WHO WhatsApp service! Click and text ‘hi’ #coronavirus h…
Narrator: Little known fact, trash pandas sucker you in in order to give you the hug... of death.
RT Hugh and I have a temporary cease-fire on our feud for the So, I nominate, legendary Astronaut,
RT The mantis shrimp is defeated not by strength, but by disco.
RT +100. Will gladly vouch for Whoever is quick enough to snatch him up is a lucky, lucky company.
"Logan" is one of those movies I will always stop and watch on TV, no matter where it's at. What's yours?
Pics or it don't happen
This you must use in your next Zoom call
RT The US has surpassed 750,000 reported cases - 4x higher than any other country. The US now makes up 32% of all worldwide c…
RT #FloridaMorons is trending after the state begins to ease up on their stay-at-home restrictions, leading tons of people to…
Yay! This is awesome! So happy for you both!
Interesting reporting... As has been the modus operandi in everything related to Trump, grifters gonna grift, and he and his cronies benefit.
This is me. I have broken down and just gone grocery shopping.
MRW I help my wife by putting that 1 piece of a 2000pc puzzle in place
RT Utah, Hawaii, Oregon, Colorado, &amp; Washington conduct their elections entirely by mail. How many election fraud cases hav…
RT Anne Frank spent 2 years hiding in an attic and we’ve been home for just over a month with Netflix, food delivery &amp; video…
Irony in this picture here....
I would posit that it's what gives him purpose
Wow...
RT Reported US coronavirus deaths: 7 weeks ago: 1 death 6 weeks ago: 19 deaths 5 weeks ago: 58 deaths 4 weeks ago: 323 deaths…
RT Reported US coronavirus cases: 8 weeks ago: 35 cases 7 weeks ago: 69 cases 6 weeks ago: 444 cases 5 weeks ago: 2,826 cases…
RT Reported US coronavirus deaths: Feb. 18: 0 deaths Mar. 18: 149 deaths Apr. 18: 38,664 deaths
This will be such a great potluck....
Tell me more....
RT "We now must put our differences aside and cooperate and listen to the science and the experts." That's why we're supporting…
They were out of seems... ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯ I'll try again next time.
I like having options...
Can you imagine Cuomo and Warren? 🤩🤩🤩🤩
The Wizard of Oz had more qualifications
This is shameful. 2-3% mortality rate, and of kids (!!!), is unacceptable, except to Fox News and seemingly the GOP.
I didn't see the first one in the series, but they've done a great job putting this together!
That's flavour 32
Thoughts and prayers
Any Republican who doesn't speak out against this, implicitly supports it by their silence. And to be fair, they've already supported it by their inaction to date. The GOP owns this. He is their candidate. They can replace him, but they won't. They'll go down with the ship.
People, we've found Florida Man...
RT In the US? Beware of stimulus check scams: “If you receive a text, email or phone call from someone claiming to be from the…
I feel like this is some sort of trap at my local grocery store parking lot
RT Still laughing abt this
Google Keep, or the open source on desktop and mobile via Dropbox and WebDAV synchronisation.
Ahh when world's collide... Should do something with CircleCI too... I have the stuff now to do a stream but haven't yet.
Oh it does. It does.
I have the OP7T and will probably end up running this into the ground (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
I'm hoping to get ahold of one...
RT So, I get that we miss conferences, but do we also maybe want to space out all of these virtual events a bit more? I fe…
This is 2020. If they can't figure it out, f their feelings.
What did I miss?
Lol yep. Fantastic.
And I've been ignoring Twitter.. just saw this because someone else reshared it... looking for it now
So... We've found the award for bad take of the week...
And the noise escaping from your sinuses and mouth was your mind processing
More governors need to step up and take this stand.
You're not wrong....
My wife doesn't fly nearly as much as I do, so she doesn't know the rules of air travel. I have educated her accordingly.
Congrats PJ, and KICKASS!
Saved! My favourite conference each year. Already excited.
RT Overheard: " If you pay monkeys to type more or less randomly in hopes that you’ll get Shakespeare, be aware that they…
RT it's not too late. If you're in London this week you should be at this event.
RT February’s #DevOps KC Meetup will be a good one, where will be talking about “The Art of Technical Decision Making.…
RT As long as we're discussing the Grammys this would be a great time to mention that both Tracy Chapman &amp; Sinead O'Conno…
BUT THEY'RE FRIENDS! 🙄
For fuck's sake airport bathroom, I'm wiping my ass not wiping my nose. I don't need 15 single tissues.
Thank you to all who came to my talk this morning! I have uploaded the slides and a DevEx survey link to the #FOSDEM session page, and if you want to just get to the slides, you can find them here:
RT Great to listen talking about #cicd at #FOSDEM
If you're looking for something to kick off the 2nd day of #FOSDEM, come to the Testing and CD devroom for "Streamlining Developer Experience: The Power of CI/CD Standardization and Interoperability"
Sadly that wasn't possible. However, karaoke ended at 230a, I was in bed by 315a, and I have to speak at 9a.
RT Proof that a govt wall won't stop lawless invading illegals
100% yes. It's such a forgotten skill
PSA: If you're an online conference organiser, please share with your speakers the analytics of their talk. For in-person events we can easily gather or estimate this info, but online events are more difficult, and many speakers have metrics around their participation.
RT We're live on Twitch until 3PM Pacific! Chat with and as they configure to retrieve dynamic s…
RT Our suite of AWS orbs provide simple, out-of-the-box solutions for building and testing code, creating and pushing artifacts,…
RT The president encouraging state by state (only Dem run) civil uprising against the public safety measures that his own admini…
I have hiking underwear that allows this as it's hypoallergenic and wool which can be worn for a few days with no issues
Yeah - I have the 13", and love it. I've gotten used to the keyboard because I use a keyboard cover and it totally helps me not care about the keyboard issues when I use the keyboard. I have an external bluetooth keyboard for my desk.
If you're coding, building, presenting, live streaming, recording, etc. then I feel that you're going to feel the effects of the limited Air specs, even with the new ones.
RT Halting funding for the World Health Organization during a world health crisis is as dangerous as it sounds. Their work is s…
Check out and TODAY!
Ahh that looks interesting! Thanks mate!
Dogfooding developer products: gathering insights from internal hackathons #devrel
Ahh... Nothing like seeing Trump staying consistent in the character of his Press Secretaries... Lies, misinformation, and more!
RT This violinist played ‘Nearer, My God, to Thee’ from ‘Titanic’ for health care workers at Elmhurst Hospital in Queens, NY,…
Brilliant! Make your own LaCrap!
RT We now have more Americans dead than Hillary had emails. Heckuva of job, Donnie.
My mom has them, and has been converting them to digital. I'm doomed.
That would certainly endure it get killed off, but then I'd be worried at what they came up with next.
Congrats Eric! You've done an amazing work, helping drive OnePlus to be amazing devices. Thank you! Good luck on what's next!
Whoever said "crime doesn't pay" evidently never met this Administration, which is made up of people who are _literally_ profiting on crime and pandemics right out in the open. How much crime could a crimer crime, if a crimer could crime crimes?
RT Learn how to automate deploys to AWS, GCP, K8s, and more with CircleCI orbs:
I'm trying to free your mind, Leon. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.
RT We closed with 100k USD in donations #allthetalks #allthemoney - big shoutout to you all and especially…
RT Check out the free Vuln Cost security extension for #vscode. Effortless finding vulnerabilities in #npm packages with VS Code.…
Either: A) he's completely clueless about what things cost because he's in the top 10%, B) he's lying through his teeth and keeping a straight face, C) he's actually referring to corporations and not individuals. NO matter how you slice it, the Admin is not there for you.
RT Excited I get to talk about #ContinuousVerification in #Serverless apps during the #OpenSource Community Day on April 30th. Th…
TIL that Chuck E. Cheese delivers....
Oh interesting... what were the other options to choose from?
Seems I'm all alone, and in my time of need!
Wow, you really went the distance on that one
This is happening today! Make sure to signup and learn about our orbs!
RT I am, currently, looking for my next #DevRel opportunity. I've got decades of experience with DevRel, IoT, and lots of othe…
RT A few weeks ago Yanira Soriano, critically ill with COVID-19, was admitted to Northwell Health’s Southside Hospital in Suff…
Dread.
So I just watched the DnD episode of Community, and just remembered that I have never played DnD. There. I said it.
RT This thread has a collection of great reads on what it means to be open source, have open governance, or curate an open bran…
Luckily Zoom told me immediately what stunt you had pulled so I could really ham it up and emphasize the flipping off of you.
I recommend doing this with friends. It was a blast!
Yeah someone got a little power hungry. I was just being myself.
Crunchy HomeBody
RT COVID-1 COVID-2 FAST 2 FURIOUS COVID-3 WITH A VENGEANCE COVID-4 JUDGEMENT DAY COVID-5 CRUISE CONTROL COVID-6 THE LEGEN…
In a conversation along these lines a few weeks ago, guillotines were brought up which necessitated the creation of the #DollarGuillotineClub (h/t / )
RT Tomorrow, Thursday, April 16 at 4p ET / 1p PT we'll be talking with Community Engineer Kyle Tryon ( about Circle…
RT Democracy depends on an informed citizenry and social cohesion. Here’s a look at how misinformation can spread through soc…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎉🎉 Enjoy those donuts!
RT Hello. I'll be live streaming today at 3pm EDT on Come hang out with me as I show y'all how to send notifications…
Especially when we see it repeatedly, over, and over, and....over.
RT While we care for our physical health, we must pay attention to our mental health as well. If you need help, don’t be…
So feel this right now. I am this dog.
Totally the same. I have my wife and kids around, and that helps to some extent, but there's friends that I've made (both in the industry and not) that I am missing getting together with for the hugs, the in person laughs, etc. The last 2 weeks have been hard and getting harder.
Maybe like a lot of remote or distributed companies that are worth hundreds of millions or more do it... - Onboard week in person - Coach through remote meetings - Gather together consistently Think of how much you'd save by not having a physical, office location? Millions.
RT The delivery of $1200 stimulus checks to needy Americans is delayed so that President Trump's name can be printed on the c…
RT #DevRel professionals in Asia, join fellow devrel folks at our first virtual get-together where we will discuss about devrel…
The fact that they're doing it as 2 parts makes me feel a lot better
RT Big News! 🥳 About to open up the guest author program for the 1st time since we joined
Design thinking methodology: How do you design programs for diversity? #devrel
RT President Trump says U.S. is pulling funding to WHO because the group praised China's "transparency." Below is President Trum…
In other words, 108 years ago Rose dropped Jack off the side of the door, saving herself and killing Jack.
They said "wrong answers only"
Blockchain.
Congrats to the FINOS team as they seek to take things higher!
RT President Trump just now: "When somebody is the president of the United States, the authority is total." Fact Check: That is…
Colour me disappointed that my microwave chicken fried rice is missing chicken. In a pandemic. And I can't go anywhere to get any.
It must be a day ending in "y" - time for a stupid and idiotic hot take.
Oh same.
We do not have anything built-in for merging branches, but this could be done via an SSH key and code logic in the config (see You could also write an orb for this, and then share it with your team(s) and the community (
Engaging 9 year-old software developers #devrel
RT 2020 priorities sure did shift quickly
RT I appreciate great #infographics - check out "Visualizing the History of Pandemics" #COVID19 #pandem…
RT Hey, and everyone working there, thanks for all you do.
You tell that AMI is pronounced "Amy" again?
Dang retweet button...
Ahh yes. Golden's are the best walking buddies.
Seems like that should be rectified next time.
You were walking _with_ the giant glass of wine, right?
git reset --hard
Well whaddya know?
Same with !!
Been watching "Community" again and just realised that the Russo Brothers were directors on the show.
Trump has no earthly idea what the role of the President is, what the State's powers are, &amp; how the Federal government gets its power from the people. Imagine if Obama had said this! McConnell, Graham, and FoxNews would have blown their collective tops. He thinks he's a dictator.
RT Here's how to make your own face mask even if you don't know how to sew.
Some great thoughts here on #devrel in this "new, new"
I took a look through Docs, and this is probably a good start ( Let me know if it helps or not. You can also check our forum at
RT This Thursday, April 16 at 4p ET / 1p PT we'll be talking with Community Engineer Kyle Tryon ( about CircleCI Or…
RT For anyone that’s missing traveling
Get your questions answered on streaming this Thursday AM!!!
RT ⭐ Alright, it's time to give away a Nintendo Switch Lite! ⭐ ➡️ Follow me and retweet this tweet to enter. 🔜 On Weds at noon PS…
RT Episode 3 of ! Play ball!
My wife works at Family Tree and will help pick one out for you.
The Roast Easter Beast is complete.
🤩😍🤩😍🤩
RT a group of moms with LGBTQ kids wrote a truly beautiful thank you letter to the cast of #SchittsCreek &amp; I couldn't stop cry…
Smoker set at around 200-225F and for roughly 6-8hrs until reaching 190-200F internal temp, and then let rest for another 2hrs.
Wow! So cute! We will be adopting again in the near future. Probably another beagle.
Not to jinx it, but tell me more!
RT reposting this 11 years and counting
I'll be waiting.
That is a standing invite.
Come on over mate. I'll smoke you something.
No spoilers... But when the Daleks show up... Wow!
Just wait for the final few episodes....
Easter deliciousness... Roast beast coming later today as well
There's also Cinnamon Roll waffles... So my daughter does have a point
Cinnamon Roll waffles #HappyEaster
RT 💻📱 is now processing advance ballot requests for the August primary and November general election.…
Happy Birthday!!
Me: "Yes, I am making waffles from leftover donuts" Daughter: "I smell diabetes..." Wife: "What do you think Easter is?"
The Easter beast had been marinating for 48hrs.... About to go into the smoker....
Depends on your motives for asking... - We have 4% of the world pop, but 30% of cases. - South Korea is 5X smaller, same date of 1st infection, and we have ~1000% more deaths - At 1600 cases per 1M pop, we are almost to Italy's 2500 per 1M. Sit down and shut up.
Good to see there is intelligence here in Kansas, and that the KS Supreme Court didn't fall for a political stunt by the Republicans in the #ksleg
RT He is risen. Please stay six feet away.
Well that's the end of Hackers with "Crash and Burn" in the rooftop swimming pool. Solid movie - crazy it's been so long since I've seen this. Won't wait nearly so long next time.
"They're going for the kernel!" "Colonel who?"
"Too many garbage files, gonna need more time!"
Throwing around the term "They are Elites!"...
Hackers is really bringing back fond memories of my time as a Unix Sysadmin / Network Admin at an ISP in 1995 when I had a Sparc 20, T1, and Cisco 7000 all to myself.
Spray-painted keyboard is akin to the gaming keyboards of today. Wish I had done that back then!
P6 chip ("triple the speed of the Pentium") LOL, PCI bus.... "RISC architecture is going to change everything" Had so many of these conversations in 1995.
Already past it - and did have a chuckle...
Yeah it was certainly ahead of its time. Enjoying my first watch of this since before the 2000s
Love this view of the internet and tech in “1995”… fully-functional VR?
Deal.
Yep - I completely missed that when I started it up…
Correction - CSO in 1995... Even more surprising.
Hmm - that’s a fair point… I’m watching this again and assuming 1995 was 11yo Dade. But you’re right… He was 19 in 1995. Man it’s been _way too long_ since I’ve seen this flick.
A CSO in 2002? Very cutting edge!
Hack the Planet TV show on pirated airwaves... Nice touch!
The Plague rides into the data center on a skateboard... he's the serious one. And their view of cyberspace is crazy insane...
A lot of useless chatter, as they all size themselves up for bigger and better things.
Dade keeps flashing to TV scenes to reflect his emotions during a scene.
Ahh, the old "there's a pool on the roof!" with the self-locking door trick...
It's commercial time (watching from DVR) and oddly apropos we have a Norton360 with LifeLock commercial. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Now he's engaged in a videotape tug-o-war with another hacker, Acid Burn.
Dade replaces the "America First" TV show (oddly familiar given today's nationalism) with "The Outer Limits"... and pops a cold one? He's 18. This is 2002. Doesn't he know he's not supposed to drink alcohol until he's 21?
Now his brain is flashing back through weird scenes as he prepares to wreck havoc... Sounds familiar.
Nice example of a phishing scheme pulled off by Zero Cool to get the security guard to give him the modem number
What is this computer system he's supposed to be using in "2002"?
Always forget Angelina Jolie and Matthew Lillard (Stu in Scream) are in this movie...
Zero Cool has quite the smug look on his face hearing about his accomplishments, until he's told he can't use a computer for 7 years.... By then he'll be greated with the Pentium 4... What an improvement over the Pentium Pro in 1995.
Little Dade, err I mean "Zero Cool", singlehandedly crashed 1,507 systems (including Wall Street trading systems), singlehandedly causing a SEVEN-POINT DROP IN THE NYSE!!!! That kid's got nothing on Trump! He knocked 3,000 points off the DJIA in one afternoon without a computer.
Prosecuting Attorney says that "(Zero Cool) possesses a superior intelligence which he uses to a destructive and anti-social end..." as if there were any other options for 11yo Dade Murphy in 1995.
Mom's pretty nonchalant about the dog freaking out in the front yard... My mom certainly would have checked to see what all the racket was.
These agents storming this suburban stronghold sure take their time getting out of the back of the SWAT van... don't want to sprain an ankle now, do we?
So I'm watching "Hackers" for the first time in I don't _know_ how long... I'll try to keep up with the tweets through this action-packed blockbuster from 1995....
Is there something happening soon-ish which would require the USPS? For some reason my mind drifts to November 3rd.... 🤨🤔
Yup. Watching with my daughter for the first time in years.
"Psychopaths kill for no reason. I kill for *money*. It's a *job*. That didn't come out right." #MovieQuotes
RT As the US has more than 20,000 deaths from #COVIDー19 it seems like now is a good time to remind everyone that Autism doesn't…
Yep, agree. However, we’ve already seen FN, the GOP, and their ilk starting to push the narrative of “see - it wasn’t as bad as everyone said and it’s just like the flu”.
RT I am extremely excited to announce Dev Around The Sun! On May 12-13, join a 24-hour global developer event &amp; fundraise…
I think you're missing an option.....
#blameMary
That's a really solid setup! Thanks for sharing!
Yes!
Interesting thought.,.,.
RT Let’s not use the tragedy of a pandemic to compromise our democracy. Check the facts of vote by mail.
I think Jesus also knew about the spacebar...
They both look great! What are you using to get the colors?
Woof, woof
Good choice... They need carrots anyways.
If COVID-19 kills less than projected (&amp; less than the flu) this year, that will have been the point of every action taken to _LITERALLY_ prevent COVID from killing more than the projections. Anyone who tells you differently is selling something. Listen to the med professionals!
There's , Meet, to name a few open source options
Who knew that Trump was a metrics genius?
We need this from more of our legislators. I wish we had one like in Kansas. #ksleg
Heart-warming message
Teach me your ways
Watching Community again, and just realised that the Russo brothers were the Producers...
My wife wants a lemon cake. We don't have lemon cake mix. Stores are already closed. She just texted the kids to let them know I brought lemon cake home. How's your night going? 🤪😆😀
Bachelor Party
Thank you!!
See?
Black with electric green...
Fine. I'll make it _and_ something else. I feel like between myself and we can have some amazing BBQ/smoked beast
I got a new pair of slippers, and they're glorious. AMA.
Oh no. I'll make something else, but I'm telling you, it's good.
I would wager that if I made it for you, and didn't tell you what it was, you'd like it.
Believe it or not, or actually I know it's completely believable, I've been called that a few times...
I feel seen
It errored for me, and then maybe it worked?
Same....
You mean nano?
Yes. You are correct.
At this point, whenever you hear "Livin' La Vida Loca", you're only picturing the end music scene of Shrek
RT I swear, Microsoft Word took one look at emacs keybindings and said "hold my beer". It's like twister for your hands.
Guaranteed you will exit Word faster than vim. Hands down. That in no way legitimizes the hell scape that is Word.
Oh yeah. Definitely. Yes.
Fuck yeah
In Kansas you just have to find an opening and pull into it parallel to the road
Ahh, yes. I've been a bit preoccupied lol. Let's definitely connect. I'll ping you on something
I got behind and missed the last few slides about different things to focus on and different solutions, but the rest of the slides are found here
Self-service for devs - devs shouldn't have to put up with shitty interfaces to work with their internal tooling anymore. Add simple process improvements and apply automation - at #FOSDEM
Platform as product - have to apply the methods of Product Mgmt to your platforms, with Service Managers using ITIL for instance can be utilised. Don't shove things at your devs and say, "Good luck". (Good resources at the bottom of the slide) - at #FOSDEM
Platform Operations ... You have to treat internal apps and users the same as you do your external apps and users. - at #FOSDEM
Generally there are 3 pillars to Platform Engineering 1- Platform operations 2- Platform as product 3- Self-service for devs - at #FOSDEM
Wait... You're here? Did I know this?
. giving a talk on "Platform Engineering for Dummies", and only had 1 Belgian beer beforehand 🤣 #FOSDEM
A little bit of context here....
My mom never made it like this though.. everything is supposed to be mixed in together.
This. Is. Truly. Delicious. Not even playing.
I'm sorry, what?
I submit as evidence....
Fine... I'll add a "D" as well
Nah, they're just #TestingInProduction
#blameMary
Well, there is "Jerdog" so you're included on that alone.
Mary... #SocialDistancing.
You're invited either way, but I have submitted the paperwork and it's been added. I don't expect anyone to be able to pronounce my name now though....
I would need a lot of extra "M's".... However, you're invited as long as you bring and
My thoughts exactly.
You're assuming there's intellect involved...
RT When you want to do #ContinuousIntegration and you don't want to write a lot of #YAML to configure your #CICD pipelines, the
J E R E M Y That's certainly an entertaining and fun-packed quarantine house... Food, drink, fitness/ass kicking, shitposting, hair.... It's got everything.
I appreciate the feedback! If you have a few moments, feel free to submit feedback around this via our or
You forgot to add "microscopist, amateur infectious disease analyst"...
While far from an expert, I'll give it a shot. The only way currently to do this would be to use "requires" and conditions ( but this would require that all preceding jobs passed.
RT You might have heard about CircleCI Orbs, but do you know how/why to use them, or how to create a new one? Then join us for o…
So two things here: 1) This tweet supports the inclusion, and invocation, of the #25thAmendment 2) The events being spoken about happened over a month ago but are being spoken of as if they haven't happened and we're back in late February/early March You own this
I feel like my fellow waffle enthusiasts will embrace this... (h/t )
Brilliant.
SPACE FORCE!!! First look at Netflix’s Office replacement, Space Force - Polygon
This is a great thread of values, behaviours, and things to look for in a job hunt. P.S. You _WANT_ to hire David.
Is there any way that those in the US are able to see this? Will you stream it later somewhere?
Teach me your ways!
Oh yes... This is good stuff! I have never had with Bombay, but have with other gins
RT Dear now that I am kinda sorta used to the new UI, is it possible for y’all to allow us to make Section Names (in s…
RT Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for their coronavirus treatment.
RT Mayors have been working hard to help us get through this pandemic, and they’ll have just as big a task to help people thr…
Jamey would be a great person to add to your team!
As always, hits the nail on the head. Government has to work for the people.
RT For the many who have been asking, while things could change and we will err towards safety, we are still planning on ho…
Not at all where I saw this thread going.
Well aren't you just a ray of sunshine! 🤪😆
Has the added benefit of helping bring a new life into the world.
Twisted Sister
It's edgy... because it's true.
Yep, it's Obama's fault.
I've thought about how I was going to encapsulate my feelings about the final episode of - and this really is it. This whole show was amazing and touched my soul in so many ways. Thank you and the whole cast for what you created.
RT I’ve worked on #SchittsCreek for over six years. I took this photo as we were driving away from set on the very last day…
It does now...
Umm....
When in stay-at-home mode, one marinates a 6lb pork butt with a dry rub for 12+ hrs, and lets it smoke and cook for 12 hrs.
Well done! Last time I attempted this my hair turned carrot orange.
Was it in the woods and no one was around?
Men in Blazers daily content? Yes please!
Ahh that's good advice for sure!
Yeah this makes sense, though it's often overlooked I think. I am wondering what you've seen has worked best for them in enabling work to get done for those that are available to do it?
Bacon.
I've been around #opensource communities for years &amp; have seen the full of spectrum in effectiveness. What I'm wondering is if anyone has good examples of open source ecosystems that do a good job of maintenance, soliciting &amp; handling contributions, etc. Please RT for reach.
Free online conference with some amazing speakers? Why not?
RT quickly reaching this stage of quarantine
Yep - those who think it's ok to endanger their community by gathering.
"f*ck off, over there 👉"
Narrator: So not every animal likes to have fun in public... Who knew?
They just love having us do everything
Yesssss
The hero we all need. I hope you rewarded her handsomely.
Can't argue with that.
My coworker is lazy and tanning while I do all of the work.
RT The founder of Trump University, who committed tax fraud and who voted by mail, says Americans shouldn’t vote by mail, whi…
Yup
RT Social distancing bends the curve and relieves some pressure on our heroic medical professionals. But in order to shift of…
RT Join us next week on April 15th for the virtual fundraising conference! Register here:
Dev rel in the time of coronavirus: Uttam Tripathi #devrel
That's just what we already have...
RT TRUMP: I think mail-in voting is horrible, it's corrupt. REPORTER: You voted by mail in Florida's election last month.…
Good. He never should have been in that position to begin with, but Trump hasn't hired anyone with any experience so why start now?
With all the push towards virtual conferences during COVID-19, take a few moments and read this from someone who was in the thick of it with Ubuntu 7 years ago, and then forward to conference organizers, etc. Some fantastic advice and lessons learned.
Who knew that Trump was a precog?
RT There is a reason the Navy promoted Capt. Crozier to lead the USS T.R. one of 11 nuclear aircraft carriers, and his boss…
Alcohol. And cake. But also alcohol.
If only would figure this out
RT 1. Wisconsin is the fire bell in the night. If we want to avoid what could well be a genuine crisis of democracy in Novemb…
RT This doctor shared a simple technique to help COVID-19 patients breathe more easily
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!! This is amazingly awesome news!
Might have to do that again. Such a good time.
So many moments! Fantastic movie and now I am going to watch it tonight.
There are no onions around. I am crying, just like I did during each of these scenes &amp; many more throughout this entire movie. People can throw shade all they want at these movies, &amp; disagree with me - I don't care - but the entire saga, start to finish is why I love Movies.
Hey that's a great question. In the current UI, it's in reverse chronological order. We are in the process of replacing the way this is displayed though, with the new UI set to display the year(s) if not the current one.
I mean, it is the Cowboys. So this checks out.
I'm a House 4 person
RT It’s World Health Day, and we owe a profound debt of gratitude to all our medical professionals. They’re still giving thei…
That was actually going to be my response, but I figured I would hold off on my trademark snark. Thanks for picking up the slack for me!
Big news here We raised a $100M Series E! Proud of the team that I joined, and excited for what’s next: Some reading material while staying at home:
RT Why do so many OKRs feel onerous, or don’t quite measure what was intended? Join as she discusses designing…
RT NO DEMOCRATIC LAWMAKER SHOULD VOTE FOR A PHASE FOUR DEAL WITHOUT A VOTE-BY-MAIL PROVISION.
RT SCOOP: has new plan to protect elections from coronavirus. It includes: -mail a ballot to every registered voter…
Makes sense, Oxford is in England. 🤪🤩
Also, proud of you for using it in a sentence!
#TeamOxfordComma
I'm a Kookaburra, but that's all the time.
Karen, Heaven's Gate called and asked for their tin foil hat back.
Gotta find something to do
It's delicious is what it is
Using external events to bolster internal community building #devrel
I didn't... I made these without knowing about the Syrupchup. There's always next time/tomorrow. And that's a good idea on the chicken nuggets!
Not far off
This thread is actually a great resource. I wish I had thawed them before cooking as they took longer but otherwise they are simple.
You know, you can make your own... I'm sure would be happy!
Social distancing. You can't have any.
Is that just chicken breasts on the waffle iron?
I was inspired by
Tater tot waffles tonight...
Novartis... They created the drug, and paid Michael Cohen $1m to get access to Trump.
Hey - you own this. At any moment you could push Trump aside and end this insanity. History _might_ even acknowledge your role in putting country over party.
This is an awesome project!
This is killer! CONGRATS! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
RT As she often does, provides a cogent summary of how federal policymakers should be thinking about the pandemic…
It's a tough business, but someone's got to do it. I volunteer to help, for science of course.
Converting gin to electricity - this seems like something and could get behind.
The full lineup for #FailoverConf - a FREE virtual conference on #resiliency in tech - has arrived! Be sure to sign up to catch these great talks with us at and on April 21.
Are you in Japan, and looking to be part of an awesome company and help raise awareness about CI/CD? Then you should _definitely_ take a look at this role here at RT for reach please!
I can't overstate how much of an asset you would be to any organisation. The words ring true. 🤩
Prayers going out and good vibes for your Grandpa. Hope he pulls through.
Don't let this guy get away! David is an exceptional human being, and is also an awesome #DevRel Dev Advocate. You will _want_ to have him on your team!
Cheers! DM sent
Gonna go with a big YES there. Also you might want to read this short thread and take a look at Novartis and Michael Cohen and Trump
RT 🦠 corona-cli released. 😮 Charts are here! ❯❯ (star 🌟 the repo) 📈 Plot statistics in the…
This is a chilling thread of what's happening in NYC due to #COVID19 deaths.
RT Hannity. Rush. Dobbs. Ingraham. Pirro. Nunes. Tammy. Geraldo. Doocy. Hegseth. Schlapp. Siegel. Watters. Dr. Drew. Henry.…
Don't forget to go submit your session suggestion on #devrel and #community at #CLS2020!
with a subtitle of "Or, How my damn head got into all of Jeremy's photos"
Come on and other journalists and news stations. I and others have been asking why Trump is so insistent on using that drug... Yet it seems no one but non-journalists are pursuing the reason. Please go after this!
My old cheerleading pose
RT And now, a poetry reading from ~the~ Chris Elliott. #SchittsCreekGivesBack
Eric, Don Jr., and Ivanka
He keeps pushing this drug as if he or one of his benefactors has a vested interest in it being successful.
I don't understand what I am looking at...
"The defect in that one is bleach."
Fair enough...
Narrator: ...... (┛❍ᴥ❍)┛彡┻━┻
I will pay money to see Lizz's shaved head.
Looking good. You're an inspiration.
That's what I will end up doing, though I'll see if I can get away with a number 4 guard. If not, then I'll go with no guard. I used to do that before, so it's not foreign to me, but still....
RT The fact that #FireFauci is trending shows there are a lot of dumb motherfuckers on Twitter and it’s the afternoon in Ru…
I'm going to have to cut my hair, i.e. clipper with guard, and my hair will never be what it was again due to #MalePatternBaldness. #BlameCOVID19
RT Who else needs a dancing gopher?
RT if Britain wants to open up the door to international reparations payments, they're in for quite a surprise when they see…
My morning reading and coffee drinking spot off my back deck. #HelloSpring
This Ecuador Las Tolas from via their subscription service at is amazing. If you're looking for a good brew, this is it!
RT Wow, go Bill Gates!
RT Staying at home, and still being able to work *truly* is a privilege. Be sure to mindful of that when we are complainin…
That's the spirit!
Meanwhile Trump Admin won't reopen Obamacare exchanges.
Jose. I thought I taught you better than that?
I feel seen. And attacked. And my wife and I are laughing while judging each other's way of laughing.
I was pleasantly surprised, and the 80s music video scenes were amazeballs.
OpenDNS offers something similar which I think still has customized controls to fine grain it a bit more.
RT Wildlife is finally returning to Britain’s streets. Nature is healing 😍✌️
On it.
OH: "Stupid grammar is stupid."
Oh yes. It's mobile Cards Against Humanity. Plenty of fun. We could probably start up a WhatsApp group for the game.
I am arriving here very quickly. Hugs to you Emily.
RT 3x01: a new series! We look at the role of technology in crisis scenarios; can open data help? Collaboration? With some add…
RT Hey folks. Wanna come join me on the DevRel team We're looking for someone to help us to help open source main…
For those who travel, this is a hard choice
I have the black and grey... But they're great. And the motor is very good. I have 3 monitors plus my laptop and assorted stuff and it goes up and down flawlessly.
Yes, yes it is Mr. Slum Lord.
Yes. After Season 3 SyFy cancelled it, and Amazon picked it up for Season 4 and beyond.
I love my standing desk..
Season 5 wrapped in late February... Had it been cancelled prior?
Just finally got around to finishing Season 4 of and Amazon did a fantastic job with it. Looking forward to Season 5.
Chernobyl 1986 Collapse of Soviet Union 1991
Good choice of a local shop
RT Michael Horowitz, Chair of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE) and the Inspector Ge…
Gonna have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Sorry to hear that Tom! 😢
Wait, there's a High Fidelity TV series? How am I just now hearing about this?
Now all the vampires walkin' through the valley
This has a lot of great roasters, and the price is actually really good. I've signed up.
My favourites and who I recommend all of the time are / / There is also which is an interesting idea that I haven't tried yet.
I run Plex server on my Ubuntu server and it's great
This is how a community works and loves and cares. Happy birthday !!
for the win...
Jess, read the room.
Oh yes. Before I saw the movie I loved the premise and it's just an amazing work of art.
Can someone please wake up and take Grandpa home to Florida? This is insane in a metric crap ton of insanity.
Yikes...
That just normal at this point. You gotta reach for the stars.
Jess.
Gross Pointe Blank. One of my favorites.
RT Hi, folks! I miss running a sticker table at conferences, so I’m going to run one by mail! Here’s the survey link:
RT Trump opposing mail in voting for the fall right here is like five alarm fire bad.
A commentary on our times no doubt....
Congratulations on amazing work! Enjoy your time with the family and can't wait to hear what's next!
I thought I was personalizing
Table top at the seat was slanted. It wasn't intentional Jens.
Forgot to mention my assistant,
I just poured half a beer on myself while sitting in this FOSDEM open source panel. AMA.
This code is bad and you should feel bad.
The next time you whine about doing documentation, remember that Grace Hopper wrote the first documentation for the Mark I by herself. 521 pages.
RT In the middle, allll the way to the back #fosdem Livestream for Janson:
First night and morning at #FOSDEM - drinks and waffles with and and a crowded opening keynote with and
I would say "it's Friday somewhere" but you're in Australia, where it's often Friday before other places, so hopefully you're having one now! =)
I've arrived in Brussels for #FOSDEM, who else is around? It's a bit nippy out but might go for a stroll
Arriving this morning!
Lol when we bought a particular coffee shop in Lenexa in 2008, the previous owner warned us about catching people doing coke on the toilet seats. Oddly enough after we bought it, those issues went away immediately. 🤔😂
Yeah, sadly the problem is putting any kind of trust in these corporations. We've been tricked, and it's eye opening.
RT To preserve slavery, enslavers claimed slavery was “positively good” and that abolitionists were making up the terror and expl…
Yeah, a giant cluster. Some really good people have been cut from there over the last 13 months. I think half the company.
OH: Communication... I would have the moral high ground if I actually listened
I'll look to see you there then! And relieve you of some stickers =)
Yep. They laid off 100 people today, including what was left of my former DevRel team. Really sad and lame.
Thoughts going out to all my former CircleCI coworkers who got impacted today (on the last day of the Fiscal Year) by the 3rd round of layoffs in just over a year. ❤️😢😔
Hearing stories of friends who are getting laid off in the worst possible fashion, and it's making me sad and pissed off. Please reply to this thread if you're looking, or if you're a company hiring. Hopefully it helps someone.
This kicks off in 1hr (1p PT)!
This show has touched me in ways that no show has in a long time, and really hard to describe why &amp; how. I am so going to miss it, but will never tire of watching it over again, or picking up a particular episode here and there. Thank you and the cast of
RT Calling all #DevRel and #CMgr folks: only one more week to submit your session suggestions for #CLS2020! Don’t miss out on…
One of my favourite sessions at #DevRelCon London 2019, and an essential one for anyone working on setting #devrel strategy
From early reports about this, it seems he _did_ follow the chain of command and wasn't getting anywhere. As more info came out it may have shown something different, but I really wonder.
Listen to what who commanded our federal troop response after Katrina, has to say about the handling of the supplies for hospitals.
This is despicable what the Administration continues to do to the military. A man, fighting for the lives of his crew when no one else would help, gets relieved of duty, but a well-known war criminal gets pardoned. Tell me again how Trump loves America and supports our troops?
Pics or it didn't happen
No, I mean those that are in the deepest regions of your closet. You know which ones.
Finally an opportunity for you to wear your hipster skinny jeans.
The 9ft-wide umbrella (w/LED lighting, because, of course) I ordered for the table on my deck so I can work out on the deck without the sun impeding my ability to see my laptop screen is being delivered today, a day early! It is, however, going to be 34F &amp; freezing rain today. 😡
RT Dear Jared Kushner of the Administration: We are the UNITED STATES of America. The federal stockpile is reser…
RT OH: "i saw a plane yesterday"
RT OH: "Hackney is like sketchy Portland"
Absolutely. Slack for communities, especially with the lack of moderation tools, is just a non-starter for me.
RT Amazing to see that conservatives think an out of control butcher is a military hero but a captain bucking orders to save…
And that's why, for me at least, it is so hard to consider Discord for non-gamer communities
You've been a bit lazy... Maybe do some work today?
RT My favorite thing about Jared Kushner is that he got to where he is in life on merit and hard work alone.
I don't understand what you would be referring to
Happy Birthday mate! Here are a few: - Heart to Heart Intl. - UNICEF - Red Cross This is such a good idea. Good on you!
Tell me about it! Congrats btw!
RT I was interviewed by the awesome about my experience in this industry. We dive into the realities and talk about…
Don't forget that the Election is 7 months away. We _must_ have #VoteByMail as an option in order to count and include all of the votes. Ask yourself, "Why wouldn't my representative, my Party, the WH, etc. _NOT_ want Vote-by-Mail?" and then demand it from them. #NovemberIsComing
RT Join us tomorrow from 1-3PM PDT to watch and from CircleCI live code as they secure CircleCI CI/CD pipel…
Hmm... I hear quite a few of these daily... and maybe _one_ of them is me.
RT Continuous Integration plays a big role in deciding to go to production or not. For the ACME #Serverless Fitness Shop, we use…
I'm all about world travel, and doing new things. This, is not one of them.
Now that looks much easier to use.. but yeah, seems like Karen tried a bit too hard.
I don't even understand that contraption... It _kinda_ looks like snorkel goggles... But then it also doesn't?
Not one to let anyone down, but after a suggestion from I setup using the Now you too can experience me brain through a new lens. You're welcome.
RT Save the date! Join us on April 15th for the - a virtual fundraising conference covering topics like #DevOps…
#Hacktoberfest and #opensource ftw! Only 6 months away - can't wait for this year's edition!
Social distancing does have a few advantages
Ooooh... a nice backhanded compliment upside the head! I'll take it!
I mean, your _friend_ can do what they want... But for me...
You mean your friend of course... That you'll try them _with your friend_...
RT GitHub is your documentation landing page, so how can you create a README that engages and informs developers? sha…
That's the one I had but I had to send it back due to overheating my neck, which caused many fellow travelers to ask me if I was a Redneck. I am not.
I tried it - it kinda worked, but made my neck sweat which wasn't a good look for me.
I would totally participate, but I can't wear them as they make my neck hurt (my neck is all out of whack), but you should participate!
I mean - it's hard to find fault in that.
RT Hold your horses! We finally decided to organize the first-ever #AsyncAPI online conference! 💥 📅 April 22nd 📍 Online / R…
I feel like that's really his plan at this point.
RT ‘Schitt’s Creek’: After Six Incomparable Seasons, the Roses Are Ready to Say Goodbye via
Why Gareth? Why? 🥺😬
Echo that... Great time and look forward to the next passworded Community Pulse.
I'm holding off watching the last 2 episodes until next week when I can watch them together
Well done Matt. Solid kids you have.
The amazing has a message for all of us... #StayTheFAtHome
RT Afternoon bump! Ready? We want to hear your thoughts on these questions: 👩‍🚀What was the first flag you ever deployed? How?…
Some good resources here!
RT Listen to Please.
RT Companies can’t show empathy, but people can 💜 Here are a few ideas for modeling empathy that don’t involve COVID-19 email…
My friend Dawn has some really good questions about how people are using feature flags, and would love to hear some of your answers! Check the thread for each question!
Make sure you plan out your needs across the business and with each stakeholder.
Being new to the concept of feature flags, I would answer this in more the sense of I wish I knew that this was a thing and that it was a concept back when I was doing full-time development. My company in a former life made our own and it wasn't nearly as powerful.
Congratulations! So happy for you and you're going to rock it!
Worst time of the year because of seasonal allergies! Take care of yourself!
RT Welcome to #ToggleTalk. I picked the topic of "my first flag" because this is our 1st event, it is the 1st of the month, and…
RT I'll be giving a talk on Human-in-the-Loop DevOps at Failover Conf later this month!
That was/is so annoying. Paid instances I'm on don't seem to have updated, but two of the free ones I currently have open in my app have.
RT Hey Developers! is doing a survey to find out how we're all doing (I know, depends on the minute/hour/day) but I'…
Absolutely! Good to see you and GlueCon taking the lead there!
If you're planning an event, or looking to attend or sponsor one, here's a good list for you to see what's happening in the Fall.
RT Plans for the global #DevRelCon are under way. We'll be announcing our new CfP and dates soon! #DevRel
We need to continue to spread the truth about what Trump has actually done, and why our slow response is at his feet. For once in his life, don't let him get away with not taking responsibility. Don't let his lies continue.
I'm probably the GIF sender. Because, GIFs. Which are you? If you're the meeting scheduler instead of an email... (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
I'm here for this sort of content. Jack Black on TikTok. You're welcome.
FINE! I'll do the same!
I regret nothing.
1, to be exact!
Oh come on, Matrix 2 wasn't great... but Matrix 3 was so good.
Completely forgot about Boondock Saints! Skip the sequel though
Yeah I missed the point you were making!
Docs as engineering: an intro to developer experience engineering #devrel
Lessons learned from a regional developer relations journey #devrel
Dev rel and enterprise: When developers are not buyers #devrel
Communities of practice: crafting the brand #devrel
GitHub is your documentation landing page #devrel
RT Get ready to laugh 🤣
COVID-19 Retrospective - Community Pulse LIVE! #devrel #community
You don't need an account for Snap Camera, and it doesn't look like it for creating lenses
Some great milestones for the community!
Then the only alternative is to put him on delay and fact check him live.
They shouldn't air Trump's lies about the pandemic. They cut to show Fauci and Birx when they start speaking. They wouldn't have to do that if Trump wasn't speaking out his butt and spreading lies that quite literally have real consequences.
According to Dallas (last week) the Fed Government only allows 250 per testing center per day... I don't know how many testing centers but I would imagine we have more than 2? Which means we (shocked I am) don't have enough tests?
RT Bored? Figure out how you'd explain Docker to someone from the 1920s.
Ahh... Gotcha. Makes sense then. Apple should do this, but ┐( ˘_˘)┌
You can remove the touch bar button - this walkthrough still works.
So I ran out of time / resources to get this done correctly... So I'm pausing which I know makes a lot of people happy, and only a few sad.
Ahh - that does explain a lot of things
RT ❌ False
RT Did you catch the recent refresh of the Orbit Model docs on Updates include: 💜 sections for Love, Reach, and Grav…
This is the thought leadership we need
RT Skip April Fools. Celebrate April Smiles.✨ No pranks, jokes, or trickery. Instead, make us smile with pics, video, st…
OH: "Thought leadership extends beyond terrible opinions on code."
This is some really great news
Get executive buy-in … or else #devrel
How to get the most from running hackathons #devrel
Excellent! Jumping on a plane tomorrow!
Ahh... Snake oil salesmen always self-identity in times like this.
$40 is always acceptable when Nerf guns are involved
Great movie btw
Come on people!
I wonder if it is some sci-fi trope where they're showing humans don't change?
Here are a few: Casablanca The Usual Suspects Apocalypse Now (Redux version) Jaws The Wizard of Oz Toy Story Planet of the Apes (original) Monty Python and the Holy Grail Alien V for Vendetta The Shining
I need to come up with a long list
Oh I didn't know this was an option?
Well ok then... As long as it wasn't a swipe at me being in my 40s 😀
Yeah it's not one I'm going to go out of my way to watch, but if it is on TV I will watch it. Blade Runner is so good.
What's that supposed to mean?
RT Free facemask with every enlistment. COBRA!
It's an interesting take on sci-fi and an be difficult. You could substitute Interstellar or Blade Runner
I can't use any of yours, so I'll go with: - Memento - Fight Club - 2001: A Space Odyssey
Oh come on... you know that's really the Sales Engineers... =)
His church's attorneys outright lie when they say they enforced 6ft distancing between family groups. I pulled up the video as it was happening and that decidedly was not the case, with many people crowded around at the front to get close to him. Appalling.
RT 🤔 Do you know when someone stars your repo? Would you like to? Learn how to use to connect your repos to
This would be a pretty effective ad for #SocialDistancing and #StayAtHome
RT How is the Vonage #devrel team handling coronavirus? Phil Leggetter ( shares what they're doing both on the human s…
I gotta say, when Justin belts out the lead vocals in "I Want it That Way", my knees go weak.
RT Only 2 days till our #CloudNative Virtual Summit featuring #Kubernetes 🌈💙 Working with has been great fun🤘Don't miss
Pop Tart Knight. I'm done here.
RT A few conversations as of late prompted this article on onboarding remote employees. A few lessons learned and a whole lo…
RT i see a lot of folks asking for people to turn webcams on during meetings, and i really respect and appreciate that seeking…
😆🙂😐😳🤔😟😬😱😧😢😭
RT Calling all my API design friends, I forgot this subreddit exists and I'd like to make it a thing. Submit all your links…
This is amazing!
Narrator: That "someone" is him. It's always him.
And tastier
Dude... Seriously? Stay in your lane &amp; let the medical professionals do their job. 1) About the Vitamin C 🤦‍♂️ ( 2) Z-Pak is an oral medication.. Intubated patients don't/don't take oral meds.. 3) Stop mansplaining 4) Stop sleeping in Holiday Inn Expresses
Nah...
RT President Trump today at the White House said to me: “Be nice. Don't be threatening.” I’m not the first human being, woman, b…
RT Video of my exchange w/ Pres Trump today. My Q is on Trump saying this about governors on Thursday: “I have a feeling that a…
First chicken grilling of the season...
Huh... you mean it's not a hoax, and maybe science might be right? What a fool, and the lawsuits are bound to flood in. Any deaths as a result are at his feet.
The best parent. I say this because all 3 of my kids have seen it at least once. Youngest is 12.
Nice! It any better than it used to be?
Ahh some good ones there!
Perfect playlist from Spotify today while outside doing lawn work... Kicking off with The Cure's "Lullaby"... So perfect.
Ahh... Makes sense! Sorry for hijacking, JJ and Tom.
Yeah - a lot of bandwidth I would think. had some info around using RTMP
All without replenishing our stockpile even though IC and CDC were telling them it was going to get bad here
I hate to think as a precursor to martial law...
Baby's like "Dude....."
I'm sure that makes for some fun family reunions
Why do you need a plumber to install?
Ahh, ok then. Bidet for life!
Oh come on... Don't tell me you've never tried it...?
Wise move Ember. Let the adults argue and then make up.
RT I just posted a #JavaScript sample to show how you can consume #COVID19 related data and develop an #eventdriven applicati…
What could go wrong?
That's a good man.
Ours are literally right next to each other. But still.....
Me: "We could buy a bidet for $35 on Amazon." Wife: "We have a shower." Me: .........
Hmm...
This thread, and article, shares with facts how badly handled the COVID-19 crisis has been at the highest levels.
He's such a helpful human.
Yeah, had the same feeling. It's such a leading question, and so in line with this Administration's racist proclivities.
See? That would have been the actual truth.
RT As part of ongoing efforts to limit the spread of COVID-19 in Kansas, today I issued Executive Order 20-16, making Kansa…
RT United States &amp; South Korea detected first #coronavirus case on same day (January 20). Overlooked difference: S. Korea…
These are not Trump's guidelines... He actively says the opposite. Nice of the White House to co-opt the CDC's guidelines as Trump's.
Have you seen the whole subculture on tater tot waffles?
The weather is so good today that we took #alicethebeagle on a 2.5mile walk around our area. She's beat.
Congratulations! 🎉🎉🎉🎉 They're lucky to have you!
RT I’ve been impressed by governors across the country including
Pinging and
Hi
RT If you’re a #developer looking to help out by creating a #COVID19 related application you might find this repo useful. It al…
If only a book had been written about that... Oh, RIGHT! _did_ write one! "Everything Trump Touches Dies: A Republican Strategist Gets Real About the Worst President Ever"
After being tagged by and here are 5 of my previous jobs (SW-related or not) + 5 tags: 1. DevRel 2. Mobile Dev Startup 3. Coffee Shop Owner 4. Business Systems Analyst 5. System/Network Admin
It's almost like we've seen this before...
It is certainly surreal seeing 20 guys standing 6 to 10 ft apart, milling around outside the local Chipotle waiting for their carryout order
RT Unless you are living under a rock or have already perished from COVID-19, you've likely seen a YouTube video making the ro…
Relive an amazing season! #ChiefsKingdom
RT For anyone who's still hiring right now, is an absolute gem in the #DevRel / #CMgr industry and any communit…
He's playing the long game... Lulling the squirrel into a false sense of security before he pounces
This totally sucks. If there's anything I can help with let me know!
Couldn't have said this better myself. #community is not really about acquiring new business as much as it is about providing your customers with value into your business. It's about relationships. When you cut those relationships, what happens?
Oh Todd! So sorry to hear about this! Oreo's been with you for so long!
This is so good from #doctorwhoَ
While this is an interesting idea for in-person conferences, I love this idea for virtual events as well!
Thank you for sharing this, especially after clubbed the proverbial baby seal yesterday afternoon
Yeah I just found out about this option this week! So good!
That scene in particular... Every time I see it I'm a blubbering mess.
RT Issues #3 of The Observatory is here 🎁 🏎️ On the move: 🎸 Remote tools: Auxpart…
Matt, give the keyboard back to Jr!
Dev rel in the time of coronavirus: Phil Leggetter #devrel
One of my favourite episodes of all time. I even have the Exploding Tardis print in me office.
RT Join us for a #DevRel chat about COVID-19 starting at 12:30 ET
So being it’s 5 weeks from surgery, I figured an update is in order 😄. I was cleared last week to return to just about anything I wanted to eat as long as it was chewed thoroughly. I _may_ have been already doing that but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ . I’ve also lost 23 lbs since surgery date! 🎉
RT 🕛 Today's the day! 🕛#DevOpsDaysKC CFP ends TONIGHT at 11:59:59 PM CST! ⭐ It's now or never to submit your #devops talk! B…
Well, yeah!
Yeah makes sense. Definitely seen it as well.
Quality music, that. I'll check with my friends there
👇👇👇👇👇
Same. I'm down.
I would bet much of that is due to budget constraints, and the layoffs impacting across all areas of a company. Would also wonder how much is due to conferences not being able to pay for travel?
RT I know how hard it is some days to sweep the clouds away and get to sunnier days. Our friend Elmo is right: We have to be there…
RT 🎺 Calling all #CFPs! 🎺 Please direct your submitters to get cracking on getting you in before the clock runs out on the #…
Elmo, this is sweet and you're a true friend. But how are YOU doing?
I'm excited to be speaking at 2024 on how central #DevEx is to #DevOps success! Use the code SEEMESPEAK for a nice discount on the largest Java conference in the USA: * 14 concurrent tracks * mega raffle at the end * great food &amp; networking!
Dang... That Buffalo is going through some things
RT Thank you, for checking in with a reminder for us to pause and take a mindful moment to focus on how we’re feeling…
All about the grind! 🤣 😭😩
RT ⚠️ Just over 48hrs left!!! ⚠️ The #CFP for #DevOpsDays KC 2024 is _rapidly_ approaching its closure state, which happens…
RT It turns out that when Donald Trump accused my 🇲🇽 people of “bringing drugs, bringing crime” and being “rapists,” he wa…
Oh... Gonna check this out in a few weeks when I'm in town
RT We are so back. Monki Gras 2024 in Shoreditch, London, March 14th and 15th, the pre-Kubecon party, will examine the social a…
Ahh - that makes sooo much more sense. The "ARRAYS" part that is... The Oxford comma bit I'm horrified by if I'm being honest. #TeamOxfordComma
RT That's awkward.
I wash as shocked, and mortified, as you!
Ahh, once again, The Onion with a great take on society, which is art imitating life.
Zoom allows when you share your screen, to also share your audio... found this out from the other night
💩📬
RT Learn more about open source on CircleCI:
RT I'm gonna be streaming in a couple of hours! Building a MUD with WebSockets, Node.js, and RedisGraph.
RT Join us on April 7th for our webinar: faster, easier end-to-end testing with CircleCI and Cypress! Sign up here:
And looping in and .... seems like a group discussion is needed
OH with "I don't even like commas and won't use them. Only time commas are needed is when discussing a raise."
Congratulations! So exciting!
Thanks for ruining my schtick... Now I need to come up with another explanation for what modern tech is.
So would you say that you are not one with the Force, and the Force isn't with you?
He probably looks at it and thinks it is his handwriting
I'll be here all week!
That is so good! I wasn't as shocked as I thought I was going to be though....
Watching #1917Movie with my boys, and the cinematography is superb
Yeah gonna be subjective 🤪
Depending on the year, it might have been the "golden age" of WWF...
In the past I've used ( but it's been awhile
What's there to know?
Type the year you turned 10 into gif search
Yeah, and that’s tragic - far and above anything else. 😔
RT Please do help us, A good place to start? Don’t let Trump use the platform you created to spread harmful disinformation…
Look, I'm fine with Tom Brady, but what does he have to do with any of this?
Like they always say, "Recruit for the talented artists you want, not the amount you can pay them."
RT Someone give this guy a TV show. Nailed it.
So tired of the winning.... 😟😢
This GIF may or may not be a dramatization.... But thank you!
Waiiiit...... You and Kate know each other? 🎉🎉🎉 Small world for sure!
RT Poll for my #DEVcommunity friends, when you first heard of Erlang was it because:
RT This. This right here is an extremely important thing for all managers — for everyone! — to keep in mind right now, not jus…
RT Onboarding culture has always been, and remains an important part of our process. digs into the team effort…
RT Lift off! 🚀 Another episode of "After Pulse" is available. Head over to or your favorite po…
and I and some others were discussing remote karaoke... Lots of challenges due to lag, etc. but could be a lot of fun to test it out. There was something shared recently about how someone had done it and what they learned but I can't find that at the moment.
What arrogance. Shameful response by #MoscowMitch to a good question. Support in the upcoming elections.
This is fantastic artwork! Great job!
I am very disappointed in
Both are valid - one for during, the other for the retrospective
RT The coming global online #DevRelCon will be an opportunity for speakers across the world to share their #devrel talks. I…
The last book in the free eBook list is The Art of Business Value Amazon - Google -
RT #Thankful
Tell me again how / wasn't a good candidate? She's nailed, in every instance, the correct response to every challenge we face - with an actual plan.
With Sponsors, is anyone familiar with a way for an organization (instead of an individual) to sponsor a project? From what I can tell in the documentation, there's only a way for individuals to do so.
Dev rel in the time of coronavirus: Jessica West #devrel
Ben is a great Dev Advocate and you'd be lucky to have him. Plus, he brings new meaning to interactive karaoke.
Help a brother out!
It was Musicly...
This is great. I would hope a few on the call replied with "Yes Senator."
Oh I get alerts, and make prints of each. 🤪🤤
#blameMatt
I swear I've seen this before... Is that ?
To et al. Stop broadcasting Trump's campaign speeches during #Coronavirus. If he's talking, cut away and wait for doctor's to be speaking. Heck, don't even broadcast unless they start speaking - then play them in their entirety via a short delay. This isn't difficult.
Cowboy Museum Puts Their Head Of Security In Charge Of Their Twitter, And His Tweets Are Hilariously Wholesome | Bored Panda via
So they (GOP members) have an issue giving lower income workers an extra $600/wk, but have no problem giving billionaires bailouts and slush funds.
Maybe we shouldn't have, you know, engaged in isolationism and trade wars and pissing off our allies. Just a thought.
RT How quickly can we get this to 1,000 retweets? Ready, set, go! #DoctorsOnlyPressConferences
That's great to hear. Don't hesitate to reach out again, or post in our forum at
"jeremy + glamour shot" I'm horrified. The glasses, the mullet, the cat, the sweater.
Please shoot me a DM so I can investigate a bit further with you as I am not seeing the same behaviour.
RT Want to find out about our new UI design and the background on the improvements we've made? Want to donate $25 to a charity o…
Wrong, and very toxic content.
RT Friday - Community Pulse Live: A Conversation on COVID-19! Join us at 12:30 EST to chat abou…
Can you provide some information into what you're seeing so we can investigate? Feel free to shoot me a DM or post in
Self-containment to the max
Probably better off
Interesting - I wonder if I got one as well. What are "his" guidelines?
Billy Corgan is all of us.
Mind. Blown. =)
A bit perturbed I woke her up
#DevOps for the Modern Enterprise is FREE today! Amazon - Google -
Nice - I think I am going to have to get some LED lighting for my setup.
So there are two testing sites in Dallas, and they're only able to test 500 people per day due to a Federal testing limit of ***250 TESTS PER TESTING SITE PER DAY***. EXCUSE ME? Can someone confirm this?
Which light apparatus is that?
If only there had been some rule towards that!
You've been doing that a lot these days. Are you ok?
DevRelCon in 2020 #devrel
Mentored sprints for diverse beginners #devrel
Mouseketeer
"Tell everybody that before the day is out, we shall have a wedding...or a hanging. Either way, we ought to have a lot of fun." #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
#TeamWhoCaresAboutUtensils
"We're men, manly men! We're men in tights. Yes!" #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
The innuendos have aged well
It's still solid!
Hah was just adding that one
Prince: "Such an unusual name, Latrine. How did your family come by it?" Witch: "We changed it in the ninth century." P: "You mean you changed it to Latrine?" W: "Yeah, it used to be Sh!thouse." #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
Prince John reminds me of someone - can't quite put my finger on it... "What sort of news? Not bad news. You know I can't take bad news. The day began so good. I had a good night's sleep. I had a good b.m. I don't wanna hear any bad news." #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
"I vow to: - put an end to the injustice - right the wrongs - end the tyranny - restore the throne - protect the forest - introduce folk dancing - demand a four-day workweek and healthcare for Saxons and Normans" (truly a visionary) #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
"Good riddance to bad rubbish" #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
Then I won’t wash my hands to have my cake.
“And which King might that be? King Richard? King Louis? King Kong? Larry King?” #RobinHoodMenInTights #FamilyMovieNight
Well, yeah. But if it's my 🍰, why wash my hands?
Wait... utensils for cake?
Disclaimer: Tonight's #FamilyMovieNight is Robin Hood: Men in Tights
Always need rubber ducks
I just can't buy one right now... But looking at things I can sell 😆
Now I'm really wanting a Switch
Tonight's profundity courtesy of my wife "After isolation we're going to have to go from 'flattening the curve' to 'flatten all the curves'" #QuarantineDiet
What TikTok and Instagram are you on that isn't a trash fire?
Was in a group chat with and and and many others, and UDS came up as an example of lessons that could be learned. I was thinking would be a good resource but forgot you were around at that time as well.
That's great. and I and others have seen issues where if there are more than one DJ then it will often get stuck switch songs
#RCJH #kubball
After Pulse: The Ethical DevRel #devrel #community
That’s great to hear, and appreciated. Totally get that these sorts of things are never planned. Let us know if there’s anything we can assist with.
You could try ( if I understand your challenge correctly
For sure. I anticipate someone stepping in to pick up where OSCON leaves off.
RT The World Health Organization is advising people to follow five simple steps to help prevent the spread of COVID-19: 🧼 1.…
Less Bane and more Strawberry Shortcake... It plays
RT As we built the #serverless version of the ACME Fitness Shop, we had to decide on data stores, compute and other tools. I'm wr…
Pipeline parameters can be used to select workflows to be run, with the specifics of how found here: Would love to find out what your workarounds are, to get a better idea of what you're trying to do. Please post on
RT If we are going to make it through #Covid_19 we need a revolution of values, a radical re-ordering of priorities and re-di…
The #DevOps Handbook is FREE today: Amazon- Google-
Some fantastic #devops books available! See below!
From a doc who survived Ebola... Read what he shares about a day in the ER fighting #COVID19 in this thread.
Linky?
RT Our medical professionals are heroes putting their lives on the line to keep our country going. Here's a look at how an ER…
And you never have to reboot
RT Auth0 Signals is designed to continually analyze numerous risk signals, including IP reputation, use of breached passwords, an…
If for even one second you consider that reopening the country is a good idea (as Trump and others have posited), please read this thread and consider all of the ramifications of such an idea.
Congrats!
RT In the days ahead, Trump will ask us to sacrifice the lives of seniors, the unwell, and other Americans vulnerable to COV…
Watching IT Crowd actually...
He can open his businesses back up to make money from the idiots out walking around.
I think they got this dude. Don't think she asked for anyone's opinion on how to make a margarita, except for Jessica's.
We've now reaching peak apocalypse as I have liked and retweeted something this bozo
Another use for
Jess is correct. Next thing you're going to say is you measure ingredients when cooking.
RT Another important message from an important celebrity. Let’s spread the word not the virus. I happily nominate,
Yeah they have them from when they stockpiled due to the fires last summer/fall.
Even with all the #remoteworking happening here in KC, thank you to for amazing service and consistent speeds. Normally I am at ~910Mb up/down, but I have some streaming and PS4 happening in the house while I'm working.
RT Check out our beginner-level tutorial on CI/CD for #nodejs projects: using CircleCI, #Kubernetes and #Docker with deployment…
The Ethical DevRel (Episode 45) #devrel #community
Can't not read this whole thread to the music...
You're building quite the #DevKaraokeOps team over there....
Any good recipes to share?
Wait until she's a teenager... We have 3 and it's constant dishes and shoes
RT The Pixar pioneers have received the Turing Award for advancing computer graphic design.
Congrats! Looking forward to the great things you’re going to do there as you join a fantastic team!
RT Git 2.26 is here and brings with it protocol v2 as the default, new config tricks, updates to git sparse-checkout, and much mor…
RT Join us for our 1st Open Circle Sessions on Thur Mar 26 at 12PM PT where we'll discuss our new UI design and highlight improv…
As I have said to , anything I can do to assist in the overall #devrelcon efforts please reach out
RT Here’s a useful summary of the current best thinking among public health experts on how we need to approach the fight agai…
Loving these food hacks... This might be my favourite so far.
Patrick.
RT #DevRelCon San Francisco will not take place as a physical event this year. If you'd bought a ticket you should have heard fro…
Nope - I work remotely in the suburbs of Kansas City. So many benefits, but boring neighborhoods is not one of them.
RT We're excited to share our new case study with the team! Find out how they were able to reduce build times by ove…
Oh that will totally be me in.... heck let's be honest. That is me.
Sounds like the logic of a teenager =). Glad you took his keys.
Sharelock is awesome, but not sure it's been updated in awhile? While at Auth0 I kept trying to get it to be properly promoted and community-driven.
I wish my neighborhood was _this_ exciting...
And then when it comes to the elections where lasting change, or avoiding the crisis, could happen, we forget about sending in the women and we elect old, stupid, white men who have a _history_ of f*cking things up. I'm beyond fed up with that. 🤦‍♂️
I haven't used it in a fair bit, but it worked decently well.
Can't believe you're late to that party....
RT Reminder - share your favorite zoom backgrounds with friends and make all these calls more entertaining 🙌
RT Some great stories of big-hearted people coming up with new ways to come together—even while remaining apart—to help the v…
RT BREAKING: Big news. There is a now national resource &amp; clearinghouse for N95 masks. This is a place to go if you have of if…
Narrator: Kitten is not amused
RT To every nurse, doctor, and health care professional, to every grocery worker keeping the shelves stocked, to every first resp…
I'm holding on to having hair as long as I can, even if it's thinning, though COVID-19 might cause me to take drastic measures.
I have no idea what he's talking about
Hmm, might be too bougie
Hope this worked out!
It depends on if you're wearing the airline slippers or not.
I hate DNS and hate .htaccess files, which is why I don't mess with them anymore.
Great advice for every community
Coworkers get that way
So true...
Ahh, I guess that makes sense.
It is on Hulu...
I am disappointed...
I just took back my like of the previous post, because who doesn't like Scrubs?
Mad respect for the planning and implementation.
This wins the internet today! I'm laughing so hard and have seen it 10x already.
I'm really feeling left out now as I have no Switch.
Hard to say she's wrong....
RT Husband: why don’t you read my tweets? Me: social distancing
My youngest wins an obscene amount of times at Farkle, and will rattle off winning rolls after being down thousands like it's no big deal. I'm thinking I know where I'm taking him for his 18th.
I bet you that it's the same hardware and you could take it apart and rig something. And then you could replace the case to something more to your tastes.
But now we will _know_
Some great alternatives! I submit that I need to look at some more drummers.
Take some advice from and apply "EW DAVID"
That's the malaria drug that has a history of causing psychosis right?
So I will definitely agree on the greatest living drummer bit. He's probably not there. But you still think Copeland is, even today?
Raynor was good, don't get me wrong. But Barker has more ability across the spectrum of music, and not resigned just to punk rock.
"Let me tell you, Bob, it's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care!" #MovieQuotes
My 2024 conference travel/speaking activities start this week with #FOSDEM, followed soon after with: * SF * &amp; * EU * Who all will I see at these conferences? Which ones do you have on your plate?
Find your niche, and ride it
Hell. Yes.
RT .Yeahhhhh
RT say it loud and proud: Travis Kelce had such an excellent game today BECAUSE he's vaccinated and gotten all his boosters. It g…
RT FINAL: The are headed to #SBLVIII! #NFLPlayoffs #KCvsBAL
YES! And 4 in 6 years. LFG #ChiefsKingdom
Lamar can't win the big game. Again.
RT I'm seeing a lot of out-of-date, misleading, and less-than-useful advice about digital privacy and security for people seeking…
Pocket straw comes in handy in these moments
Yeah. Gonna come down to who makes the better adjustments at halftime
What a difference having a good defense makes for #ChiefsKingdom , especially when the offense is _also_ clicking
It's insane how much they get triggered. I don't think they even mention her name anymore that I can recall, or at least _rarely_, and they're still puckering their asses so hard
Let's FUCKING GO #ChiefsKingdom
RT Mahomes message to the Chiefs as they took field for warmups: "How bad do you f---ing want it?"
What can I say? I like Grohl.
Where have you been?
I am sooo not a fan of either team, even dating back to that epic game, that I think my dislike for Laettner wins out.
He was so good with the Police and the perfect complement to Sting. But for my money, Dave Grohl or Travis Barker. 乁( •_• )ㄏ
Ahh good choice.
RT #Covid_19 is far more lethal than the flu. Italy had 793 deaths in *one day*. US is on that trajectory unless we all do our pa…
You've gotten that shotgun that recommended, right?
These are some really great trips for leaders and communicating to #remote teams
That makes sense in their heads
Which makes me wonder why? I admittedly haven't researched it for any pros and cons.
One has to wonder which industries are whispering in his ear not to do so... Which of his cronies/benefactors are benefiting by him _not_ doing what is needed?
RT White House press conference, March 20 Q Dr. Fauci...Is there any evidence to suggest that, as with malaria, it (hydrox…
Whenever Trump gets up and speaks at these briefings, I can't help but reflect back to the Resident Evil franchise and envision him being backed by the Umbrella Corporation, and the Red Queen image always pops into my mind.
I prefer the entertainment without the feeling of "we're all going to die down here"
RT This is stunningly irresponsible
Thanks for watching it twice, in both conditions, so I don't have to watch it once.
Ahh... Memories!
Yes, yes it was.
Yep that's the same here. Exact same price too.
RT Dear Restaurant Owners. If you’re setting up a delivery arm and need help setting up online payments, it’s pretty much th…
Here the official info from Disney
I have a feeling it's a hack
Yeah I'm about to cancel Hulu after just a few hours
RT
Congratulations!
OMG... One of my favourite shows of all time, with episodes that can bring me to tears and laughter in the same episode.
She can make some money with those skills...
Yep, which is why rocks
"I can't believe your head exploded. If your head explodes, you'll never make it as a doctor. I mean, come on, you look ridiculous." #ScrubsQuotes #DoctorCox
Yeah Reddit says you have to sign-up for Hulu no ads first the do the bundle... (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Seems from what Reddit says you have to sign-up for Hulu no ads _first_ and then add which is asinine.
I have to pay extra after doing the bundle?
I just signed up for the bundle... And still have flipping ads. Literally a terrible experience.
5min into using on a paid account (only way to watch #Scrubs) and I'm already pissed off due to the ads. I've seen more ads in that 5min than if I watched TV.
RT Stuck at home? Interested in participating in Community Pulse Live? Let us know if you’re interested in seeing
(So reposting because _friday_) Come join us in our inaugural "Open Circle Sessions" on Thursday and receive a link to donate $25 to a charity of your choice!
RT Doctors, Nurses, Police officers, Fire Fighters, those keeping our electricity running, Grocery store clerks, Delivery people,…
This is such an important point for companies with a brand #community - involvement by the whole company broadens the awareness inside the company, but it also encourages those outside to get involved.
So I got duped on the "news" reports on the dolphins and swans. It goes to show that even if it makes sense, you gotta check stuff. Did Dolphins and Swans 'Return' to Italian Waterways Amid COVID-19 Lockdown? via
RT Brand new episode featuring digging into ways we can make DevOps more friendly and welcoming to new folks!…
RT We're super happy to announce #YouGotThisConf: From Home on June 6. A free, one-day, and totally online core skills con…
RT Congress should include in the appropriations bill the proposed $2b to help states ensure their citizens can vote in Nov.…
I swear it's a new setting
I had no idea this was a setting... The is for sharing!
Ahh.. Baby Einstein ftw
Oh we never do...
RT A real president would answer: We will tap into the immense talents of the American people to find effective treatments…
RT Q: What do you say to Americans who are scared TRUMP: "I say that you're a terrible reporter, that's what I say." U…
People still use Quota? 🤔
Couldn't choose two things so I'll be there, and will have questions/thoughts!
RT The CFP for ServerlessDays Virtual is open and will stay open! The first online-only ServerlessDays is planned for Apr…
The only solution to dealing with Trump's complete lack of any ability to do his job is listening to my family make penis jokes and double entendre names.
RT We wanted to take a moment on International Day of Happiness to talk about #Mentalhealth . In 2019, the US government allocat…
Ahh - well, Spring is here. Better hurry up.
This is leadership. There’s no “I don’t take responsibility” BS here. It’s a leader standing up and letting it be known who is making the decision, and where the buck stops. NY is lucky.
RT PyCon US 2020 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania has been cancelled. We will reach out to all attendees with information about refund o…
I can totally picture this.
Thanks for doing this - it was a welcome, and needed, good time
See... I never get invited to the cool events
Certainly checks out, given her track record
Bring the pub to you....
"Great" not "Break".... EDIT TWEET OPTION PLS /
Break walkthrough using and with
It's really hard to tell if she's just gaslighting her audience, or really is this stupid.
Because every democracy needs a guillotine supplier...
Repo has been setup for
RT Idris Elba did not... - guard the Bifrost - cancel the apocalypse - captain the Prometheus - explore deep space - cam…
I'll post the repo soon and people can contribute 😆
Thanks to 's business idea on #lunchchips, this is now registered.... Who's in?
So sorry to hear this Sarah!
RT Registration is now open for our #RHSummit 2020 Virtual Experience. So much #opensource and all for free. Join us virtual…
She's married to the Chairman of the NYSE, which in itself opens up a lot of insider trading questions, but this is grotesque and despicable regardless of Party, and should be prosecuted.
RT Because so many medical establishments are inundated with calls, our team started training a bot with answers about COVID-19.…
Fair enough
I say you buy it. If I can drive it too. Otherwise, you should not buy. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
That is pretty funny
And then there's the 80s music video that had my wife and I tearing up with laughter
Is it just me or did Frozen 2 go all 80s ballad MTV music video?
Watching Frozen 2 with my wife and daughter, and this scene with Olaf telling the story of Frozen 1 has me all in giggles.
RT Quarantine Day 5:
I could be down - that's 8a my time. I could find a nice donut or two and some coffee.
Seems like a solid application of common sense that Congress should enact. I said that with a straight face.
I gotta say... I've found some sippy cups my kids left milk in that looked exactly like that picture... excuse me while I try to remove that memory from my brain.
"US milk doesn't sour"... Um... What?
My grandma froze everything, usually in order to get past the expiration date "suggestion". We had gallons of milk in the deep freeze, which means it was not uncommon to have crystallized milk in my cereal.
Now we know why he was one of only 3 senators to vote no on the Stock Act in 2012 (Coburn and Bingaman being the other 2).
I'm more than willing to be proven wrong, and deep fat fried is likely the only way my American ass is going to even remotely like it. But I'll try it.
RT Boom. have opened up another free 25 copies of 'People Powered' for our upcoming webinar. Go and check it out!
This is why measures to contain the spread, like social distancing and closing establishments AND BEACHES(!!!!), should have been done weeks ago. The effect of those measures aren't realised until 2 weeks after. We're seeing _now_ the effects of the lack of them.
RT Breaking news: Old white dude doesn't understand why being racist is wrong because America has a history of racism. Times c…
Wait... It isn't socially acceptable?
RT Only 4 days left to submit your proposal for #FailoverConf! If one of your talks was cancelled, make sure ev…
Some sound advice and analysis in this thread without a Red/Blue Team approach.
Some good tips here for #remoteworking
YEAH, SEONG! What is wrong with you? /me hides.....
Both?
I'm generally ok with kimchi, though I will 100% pick it over kale.
CFB (Call for Billionaire) currently open
Looks like Shift is just a wrapper, as Station is, for Gmail and letting you join multiple accounts - and then you pay for heavier integrations/plugins, etc.
All of the changes? I thought, and I am probably wrong, I read somewhere last night that the changes weren't _all_ paid?
RT Fancy participating in a short research session to test something new we're working on at We ask folks to com…
And that may be the disconnect here... I recall you mentioning this to me and me, as an Admin on a free account, had not seen anything yet. Slack could definitely do a better job of informing non-paid accounts of these changes.
I'm starting to try and it looks a lot like Station.
#AliceTheBeagle is just chilling with me in my office.
And I just realised that Mailbird is for Windows not Mac. So there’s that.
There are a few I have used, like and and I have heard is good but I haven’t tried it (yet). As to why I don’t use any of them still, there’s nothing inherently wrong with them - I just default to the web version for some reason.
I can't even imagine.... These teachers who now have to do online classes deserve grace and more money.
RT DevSecOps is the philosophy of developing applications and infrastructure securely from ideation to deployment. Learn how to…
I should start communicating "telephonically"
RT Guess what, folks, I am going to start running some webinars. The first one is how to land your dream community job. Covers…
RT JUST POSTED: Months before President Trump downplayed concerns that coronavirus would spread widely in the US, his own a…
Is there a linter for tweets? 🤣
Love what the Orbit team is doing, and this template is helpful! Also check out their updated docs at
It me.
RT As ethical issues continue to arise, we’ve got you covered with discussion and analysis from &amp;
Not closing the beaches will be listed in history as one of the truly idiotic and colossal failures by . Every beachgoer will potentially take the infection and spread it around the US and it will be on his hands.
RT Hey I know a whole bunch of frequent travelers who give a shit about this kind of behavior. Pay your worke…
RT He’s right. And the story of health care in the U.S. And it’s no way to handle a pandemic, to have asymptomatic million…
RT This crisis has driven home, literally HOME, the truth that this is one great nation united by our belief in, and our…
I gotta side with Jess on this one Seong. Kimchi on pizza is a non-starter.
It's Sci-Fi night it seems as I watched the Rise of Skywalker with the family, and now my wife and I are watching Picard. #nerdlife
Three of these are just like each other... 🤔
RT Please lead with empathy. Many people have worked from home before, but none of us have worked from home during a pan…
RT One of the reasons industries are so short on cash right now is that they have spent billions buying back their own stocks…
$JerMeiss
It's pretty buggy though but does work.
RT I'm pretty jazzed that is offering a virtual session now for kiddos to learn to code...gonna sign up all three…
RT These frat boys are gonna kill us. Karen, come get Conner and take him back to the frat house.
RT Let’s be clear: The DNC did not decide that should be the Democratic nominee. Black voters in South Carolina di…
RT People thought a man who lost more money than any American for an entire decade and bankrupt multiple companies would do b…
I walk that like every day! Glad to see everyone else joining in!
Hah I was wondering the same!
RT GitHub Mobile is officially leaving beta and entering general availability today. Learn more and download:
RT netflix party seems like all i’ve ever wanted in my shared netflix viewing experience. 😍
RT Has COVID-19 got you locked down? Now you can help raise money for those in need by attending and speaking at this virtual fun…
A good friend of mine made this documentary. You should watch it, and reshare it!
Narrator: Here lies Tyler, who died because he was an idiot.
RT dev rel people please join us to discuss dev rel in an age of no airmiles. we're online now here how…
Dang it... Can't make this one. Please video!
Of that I have no doubt. I also have 2 teenage boys. They'd fit right in.
RT Ask me (almost) anything about ML, AI, and developer related next week in the DataRobot Community! You can also ask question…
RT Ted Koppel called Hannity bad for America to his face. It's ok to loop this for an hour or two to get through your new #Qu…
Oh they will gladly deliver. And sign you up.
This is awesome! An API for accessing open images!
Especially since the first known case was on a military base in Kansas if I recall...
I. Can't. Stop. Laughing. I'm crying.
You've done some amazing work in just a year! So glad we were able to meet in person last #MSBuild... And here's hoping it isn't the last time!
RT From 2014-2018 American Airlines used $11 billion to buy back stock, making investors and executives rich. During that…
I think you've found your spirit animal
Great coordination, but maybe lay off the champagne before 10a on a non-travel day?
Isn't that just #archlinux?
Oh! Good point.
I want one.
Well there goes the Internet. My last hope of travel for this year, down the drain.
RT As communities have begun to recognize the importance of social distancing measures to “flatten the curve” on COVID-19 tra…
RT Alright, and I just bought to write down team rules for proper slack/chat communic…
RT remember to wash your code for 20s before committing and pushing it
Wife and I had much the same thought earlier today
Still upset won't be the nominee
Sorry for the hijacking....
RT Yessir! You can count me in for 15,000 meals for Let’s keep the support going. and I a…
The Caskmates series is solid
You could have entire conversations with IT Crowd GIFs... And I wouldn't feel bad about it
I have it on binge on a regular basis
Add to this Outlander The Crown Sherlock Fleabag The IT Crowd
Half pint of Guinness, large shot glass with half Jameson and half Irish Cream. Drop shot glass in pint and drink the delicious nectar.
Happy Anniversary!
Great job by the Monterey Aquarium!
This seems fine....
RT Do you know of a tech company that’s asking people who could work from home to come to the office? Reply to this thread, so we can…
Oh this is sooooo awesome! Dogs are awesome! Make sure your sound is on!
Exactly. It’s not intended for small businesses. It’s intended to help out his people.
RT fellow managers and business owners. may i respectfully suggest that if you can afford to, please support your employees by…
I was homeschooled, and never cool. Kids today have all the luck.
Narrator: It doesn't. It's a smokescreen.
ROFL! That's amazeballs.
This is an amazing tool!
RT UPDATE: Supper will now be included in our pick-up meals! 👏 Students will now get 3 meals to take home every day. We r…
Thanks for the clarification. 🤪
I know this is happening everywhere, but I love Kansas. This is who we are.
OH: “Don’t be a douche, stay clean.” #Coronavirus #stayhealthy #WashYourHands
You can't teach a failed, orange businessman new tricks.
This could be really helpful for a lot of people. Maybe adapt to a blog post as well?
RT We owe a profound debt of gratitude to all our health professionals and everybody who’ll be on the front lines of this pan…
What did I miss?
Wow! Congratulations to you and the team!
/me goes to find an appropriate photo to make Emily into
RT This video of brothers Andrew and Chris Cuomo fighting ON AIR about their mom’s favorite child, calling their parents, and b…
RT #DevRelCon San Francisco update: we're looking at options for either postponing the event until 2021 or taking it online-only.…
RT Honestly ask yourself these two questions: 1) If coronavirus had originated in Pennsylvania or Ohio, do you think Tru…
RT We need physical distancing NOT democratic distancing. Governor, show agility: Allow people to vote in waves, over a longe…
We're sorry that you're having that experience. It would be great if you could post your experience, along with screenshots, to our community forum at and we can review.
I'm looking forward to my first #FOSDEM, and I'm kicking off Sunday in the Testing and Continuous Delivery room 🤘 🙃 talking about Streamlining #DevEx with CI/CD Standardization and Interoperability. Come join me!
RT Maybe the RNC should ask E. Jean Carroll for a loan 😂
Hey now, con men are businessmen too!
TFG is the greatest businessman ever. He turned $2.5mil in legal fees into $83mil in penalties. That's a return of 33x. Amazing.
It's January 26th. For the entire year?
You should at least come to , and definitely submit a CFP at
When I saw that, my first thought was my mother's voice saying, "I don't know, CAN you?" 😂🤣😭
Whoa! The AWS data center called and wants their rack back
Congrats Chris. Good for you, and I'm excited to see where you take this.
If your company does not already have a process for gathering feedback (internal &amp; external) on your product and/or the tools you use, you will not have a good Developer Experience, and I seriously question your commitment to it.
RT I am one of these people and if you have a Field CTO role open, you should contact Marino *IMMEDIATELY*.
Ahh, good ol' Florida
What a friend group: - shared disease outlook - a facial scar - a rapist -one 🦵 piano player - 🔪 victim - the lone "died of natural causes" from a nasty virus - leg shot victim they all wanted dead - loved drinking mountain avalanche water &amp; in love w/ dying Oh, and in Texas.
STILL?
I think at this point Scotty has to know, right?
Good advice... Don't wait - get your #devops talk in for #DevOpsDaysKC
Oh nice. Definitely ask for their take on the massive changes DevRel has seen and experienced over the last 3 years and what they see as the next jump
My daughter is starting to read the Driving Handbook. She posted this to her Instagram story asking for song recommendations. I recommended Eve 6's "Open Road Song"... This can't go wrong, can it?
Incest
This is wrong regardless of which political party you ascribe to.
RT My employer Bill Penzey is closing all 70 of his Penzeys Spices stores today. I work part time and was told he’ll give us pa…
The Ethical DevRel (Ep 45) #devrel #community
Thank you for a great update.
If you need someone to test these out and write a review, slide right into my DMs - they're open.
RT I think we can all agree, Covid-19 is an asshole. If you can help, visit, and/or
And hey... look at it this way: I was homeschooled from 4th grade-graduation. I turned out fine...
RT So the next logical step is, of course, to take the data from this project and correlate it with th…
Oh for when you need to be stylin' and profilin'! I like it!
Thanks for the confirmation!
A tad bit expensive. I'll keep my Target PJs and jeans.
I'm still in my pajama pants, but I'll take it.
Looking forward to giving an Ignite talk at #DevOpsDaysAustin about my time in #DevOps before it was a thing. And being 20yrs old. I'm not saying mistakes were made. But...
Not in this batch...
RT One of our former black students tried to buy 2 packages of toilet paper at a local retailer yesterday and was told to pu…
I'll make the banana bread
I need better friends....
RT [New Post] We're happy to share a post from Software Engineer, detailing how to capture screenshots of flaky end…
Some good thoughts from on #devrel and online meetups "How to scale Developer Relations with online meetups" by #DEVcommunity
These dang onions....
This is awesome!
Was only a matter of time... Congrats to the #npm community!
Sony WH-1000XM3 or Sennheiser HD 4.50BT
RT 🚨Webinar-&gt;How Communities Can Supercharge Your Business, Brand and Teams Featuring: author of People Powered 📖 Be…
Absolutely agree - it's already been a long few days. I'm planning on trying to do some online, group games and have some open-ended Zoom hangouts. And there is (my id is `jerdog`) if you are so inclined.
RT BREAKING: The Centers for Disease Control recommended that Americans cancel or postpone gatherings of 50 or more people for t…
Tastes delicious too! I add orange streusel with honey on top and it adds a nice touch.
Congrats Matt! This is awesome!
RT Today is my first day at I’ll be focusing on transformation initiatives in the public sector, alongside
So sorry David! I hope your mom gets the care she needs and recovers. 🙏
A good thread. Read it.
Moira Rose leading the way
RT Random quote time: “Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.”
When #SocialDistancing, it is important to bake one's world famous banana bread.
Listen to the healthcare professionals.
RT South Korea was doing a heroic job controlling #COVID for the first 30 patients. Then #Patient31 did not adhere to #socialdi…
Found the new #devops t-shirt via "Tee K.O." and
RT Watch this. It shows why we should all do the right thing and stay home to the fullest extent possible. All of us can help…
Some really good thoughts during these difficult moments from a good friend of mine
RT A partisan divide in those responsibly seeking to mitigate the spread of the virus
Congrats to both of you! That's awesome!
I feel like A and B together... so I chose "Other". Also, why do you get all the fun?
Planning ahead.
Now I want a turtle.
Hurry up on the renovations so there's room enough for all of us
Same physician who last night said he never took a test and wouldn't be taking one....? Got it. 👌
Apropos for sure!
What's a bit difficult is that as far as I can tell with their documentation is you need an Xfinity account and there's no way in the app to use it without
RT It's also a test of an outdated culture that basically thinks telework is for slackers. Back in the day, department chair…
Hey and - maybe demand that McConnell end the weekend off and get back to work.
Oh I would guarantee he already has spread it.
Good idea. Problem for me is they won't work now on 64bit Mac.... ರ_ರ
Actual footage of 3yo Jess prepping for her audition
This was a good take on what leadership is during a time of crisis
RT Snack tracking. If you work from home now, and are interested in just how many pounds of snacks you eat, this project will…
I just noticed I still had this on my Instagram, and it took me a bit to remember why.
Wow! This guy nails the steps and explains them in amazing simplicity.
What can I say? I have an eye for talent.
Would someone in State and Local Government pay attention to the experts? They're all saying the same thing.
RT If you’re wondering whether it’s an overreaction to cancel large gatherings and public events (and I love basketball), her…
Good on them! When companies mandate employees stay at home, which they SHOULD, it's important to take these small steps "Coronavirus: Shopify gives employees $1,000 stipend to work from home"
Out of the mouths of babes....
RT “I ran the White House pandemic office. Trump closed it.” — ⁦
RT To an unforgettable season and a truly special team... Nothin' but love for this squad ✊
Keep safe and take care of yourself mate!
Hey now...
Where did you get ahold of Jess's kindergarten audition for Annie?
It's gotten to where you can tell what news outlet someone gets their news and info from... Just by listening to them regurgitate the rhetoric about X thing.
When you're out of toilet paper, flushable wipes are the next best thing
Spot on
If it starts dark...
Coach: "Doesn't take much time for corruption to take root." Reverend: "How long is that, Roger? About as long as it takes compassion to die?" #Footloose #MovieQuotes #CompassionWins
RT Video of my question to today on his administration's disbanding of the White House team responsible for coor…
When you make statements like "I don't take responsibility for that", is it any wonder that you bankrupt 5 casinos and one hotel?
RT We know remote work is on a lot of people's minds right now. Check out some tips for how to figure out what works best for yo…
RT Conversations will not be cancelled. Relationships will not be cancelled. Love will not be cancelled. Songs will not b…
RT One of the best parts about doing DevRel work is talking with customers, especially when they're on the cusp of revolutionar…
RT How to scale a #devrel team. who heads up Google's Global Programs in the Developer Ecosystem, shared practica…
He literally disbanded it saying he didn't want to keep people around who weren't working and that if needed they could be reassembled quickly.
Narrator: He hadn't.
Isn't that just Re:Invent?
Uncanny
Only trying to follow in footsteps
Yes. I'm a blubbering mess over here.
Some great advice, and you're so right - acting swiftly is so important, but often doesn't happen in online/offline communities.
And that's a great thing. I would suggest working with someone like who has a lot of experience around CoCs and online events. If she's up for it!
A great initiative by to capture all the talks that were going to be given!
RT Schools are closing. WFH just became trickier for parents. Please bear with our limited availability and children wanderi…
RT Calling all developer advocates and others who are going stir crazy not travelling! Submit to this community virtual conferenc…
RT Every day &amp; delay a #coronavirus stimulus package, people will get sicker and our e…
RT “Anyone who has two shirts should share with the one who has none, and anyone who has food should do the same.” - Jesus…
Listen to Grandma!
This is great insight. Would love to hear more about your efforts and ideas.
Yes, for sure. I foresee issues with DMs as well, and so having ways to receive reports will be essential.
We are in for sponsoring! Shoot me over some info!
RT I’ll be co-hosting the fundraising conference for the DevOps/devsecops track - register , sponsor , don…
But was it good while it lasted?
You are correct that we have precedent for CoCs in online "venues"... My thinking here is that the platforms used (as mentions in another reply) make it difficult to recognise infractions and support the enforcement of the CoC. I have a strong feeling this will be hard.
Yep, though one of the things suggested during a discussion with and others earlier this week was using Discord, which _does_ have moderation abilities.
In the #devrel discussions about the opportunity/possibility of online events being a substitute for in-person, I have yet to hear any conversation about the challenges presented with CoC. Online is where violations happen demonstrably more than in-person (right?)... Discuss....
What if pro-lifers actually cared about life after birth? 🤔 (Yes, I know that's a gross over generalisation)
RT For everyone wondering why this "social distancing" thing matters, history tells us exactly why. Read the article or at leas…
Those were special times.
Dude that's killer!
RT . explains what worries him most about the Coronavirus. #LSSC
"Work from home, the Heidi Way" by #DEVcommunity
Reply to this tweet with how _we_ met. Wrong answers _only_.
I'm literally laughing out loud.
.....
This flavoured sparkling water kick has gone too far.
Drive through line at Whataburger in Odessa, TX
It was in Cell Block 6.
Dat typo though
+1 on the linky
This is the right move. It's part of how you flatten the curve.
This looks interesting as an online conference!
RT How good is it to see this man back on the scoresheet?! 🥰 #MUFC
Everybody loves a good Michael Stipe / R.E.M. reference
RT Perspective: Coronavirus could normalize voting by mail. That will create other problems.
RT #StateOfEmergency has been declared to allow the City of Kansas City to take measures to reduce the possibility of exposure to #C…
RT If you automatically invite new signups to your community slack, do reconsider. They'll get emails and notifications they never…
With the March/April events that are getting postponed into August, matched with the existing August events - Q3 is going to be very, very busy.
OH: "EVERY THING WORKS SOMETIMES"
A proper New Yorker then
Two brands I love together in one blog post!
RT APIs are everywhere, doing everything, for everyone. And Postman's will break it all down for you in her "Demo…
In case you think your 💩 don't stink, is here to get to the bottom of that notion with IoT... Giving a whole new direction to go! "This Whole Thing Stinks!"
Just signed up - any good music rooms happening?
RT Just got the first issue of this dope newsletter curated by - if you're into leadership stories/articles, you sh…
RT I don’t know who needs to hear this but emotional abuse is still abuse. You don’t deserve to be with someone who puts yo…
I just bought donuts while dropping the kids off at school...
It's certainly been past that time, but we all know he never will. I would wager it will be like taking candy from an orange baby to get him out of office when he loses.
RT what are the best Javascript events in Europe - I'd love to know your favourites in various countries. I am also interested…
This would have been a great, and accurate, speech. Instead we got 11 minutes of lies and ridiculousness.
RT I'm doing a research project and looking to speak to start-up CTOs, technical product managers, and larger co tech decis…
Lessons learned creating an inclusive space in a decades old community #devrel
Solving internal technical documentation at Spotify #devrel
How to scale a developer relations team #devrel
RT 🧐 checks score* Oh yes, CHAMPIONS AGAIN! 🏆 #SheBelievesCup x
Well, now this... #TomHanks
Who knew.....
This. All of this.
RT Just to be clear, the actual policy appears to bear only a passing resemblance to what described in his…
RT The European travel ban of is really stupid. #COVIDー19 can infect an American in France, an Italian in Japan,…
Really quite fantastic.
It ends when the GOP is done with him, or when voters get out and vote him out. Whichever comes first.
And it won't do a dang thing about the spread here. It's just a perfect example of US Isolationism that he's so fond of.
This is not the first thread I've seen like this...
Not even clothes... No "body parts" or "attachments"....
Going to love how he thinks this is going to work given if you travel to Europe, will you be able to get back?
It's an image that has been spread far and wide and was doctored. Still good for some laughs.
I'm very welcoming?
RT the human has been working from home the last couple days. and every so often. they let me participate in the video calls…
No. We don't need a "stimulus" that will go into the pockets of you and your friends. We need you to let the experts run the COVID-19 response and direction and get out the way.
I didn't even look at when it was posted! My bad.
What time is this happening? Would love to attend if I can make it virtually!
"My job as a developer advocate is to make sure that developers outside and inside my company are getting their messages through, are being heard and respected and transmitted." "Nevertheless, Heidi Waterhouse Is Technical" by #DEVcommunity
RT BREAKING: Harvey Weinstein sentenced to 23 years in prison in landmark #MeToo case.
Because... Trump...?
Probably not really established, but every decision he has made prior has been to benefit himself and/or his donors, benefactors, and Russia. So it isn't a stretch.
RT Probably too niche. Oh well send tweet
This is a _really_ bad idea, and shows what the White House's motives are.
I'm all about the fist bump
I thought that was the point
It's being recorded
This makes no sense, and seems to indicate he has no idea about the US healthcare system. Who here _has_ a relationship with their provider? And when reports continue to come out about providers not being able to administer tests to those with symptoms... someone's ostriching.
His is a much better guitar and deal. Take it and play!
So sorry to hear! We have a number of open positions here at CircleCI that you might find interesting - My DMs are open for any questions.
RT It’s been an amazing couple of years, but Friday will be my last day at My experience on this team and in thi…
Wow! You've been a huge influence in the industry and I can't wait to see what is next for you! Congrats Matt!
RT don't forget, Denizens of DevRel, we're convening an online conference to look at shifting the balance of travel, sample wri…
RT So here's my personal #coronavirus story.... My spouse and I got back from our honeymoon in Paris yesterday. This morning…
I channel my inner Brit as often as possible
Props to Laura for an amazing idea and for bringing it to production! #AMinuteOnTheMic
RT Four days ago said he “stopped” the #coronavirus &amp; “closed it down.” As of tonight, there are over 1,000 case…
How do you think they found the new strain?
Aren't they just "biscuits"?
I'm here for the movie.
I hope you're wrong... But history does repeat itself. If they can hit what they did in 2008 I think there's a chance. (Data
I have a feeling the "youth vote" will turn out in November, but they don't realise they need to turn out for the primaries too.
Friendster
33?
An Ignite talk waiting to happen…
Dishoom is top notch. Get a reservation ahead of time. You won’t regret it.
So… it turns out Google Calendar does not pay attention to the apps you’re in and automatically suggest the people you wanted to meet with when you set the meeting. You have to manually enter in each person. What a sham.
Which has the better content?
Yeah, I feel like that's certainly a code of conduct violation
RT Pro tip if you wanna get good at live coding + presenting: talk to yourself while you code. The reason I can live code…
I'll have to go in November when I'm back for Web Summit
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KAYLA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODD!!!
Portugal is awesome. Where are you? I can provide Lisbon suggestions if you would like
OH: I like how we're all "seasoned"... like tasty chickens
Yeah that was potentially going 50 different directions...
Yeah .... 🤣😂
And yet....
"I just finished the slides" as you're walking on stage
RT I’m listening to Hamilton. All of their debates are settled as rap battles and I feel like we should do that in tech.
Masks are discouraged.
RT PSA for office folks suddenly working from home #remoteworking
RT The reason the economy is teetering is people are afraid - its a demand problem. Demand will return when people feel safe.…
When she said it last week a little bit died inside of me, and my Gibson SG has been giving me condescending looks ever since.
A good Nitro Coffee pour looks _exactly_ like a good Guinness pour..... I know this for some reason.
Congrats! Excited for the future!
RT Mr. President, you are wrong. As usual. Today’s briefing for all House Members focuses on the threat of foreign interfe…
At least he has a photo in this one! Maybe next time he'll be in the chair 🤪
Great look into the Slack around their Jan 2020 Programming Language rankings.. 🤩😆
accountability and ownership
Why can't they be both?
Shout-out to for bringing "homeslice" back to me vocabulary. #AMinuteOnTheMic
I'm on my third week here at and I couldn't be happier with the people, the role, the company, and the product! If you're looking for a new role, I recommend checking our openings at
If you have a Guitar Center near you, I have found their techs to be pretty good at helping you find something that works for what you need.
RT Looking for answers on how to deliver a talk remotely that relies on in-person activity? We can help! info
RT Me trying not to touch my face while working
Two out of 4 ain't bad. And yes. Olives are 2nd worst to kale. You're right!
You got this...
Actual footage of Emily preparing, and not letting the travel ban get in her way
RT It’s been brought to my attention not every single human being has had the privilege of watching this phenomenal German…
RT This is America, where the Surgeon General has to beg corporations to give employees paid time off in order to avoid a mass…
This gonna be good! #AMinuteOnTheMic
I'll call you DNS.
I feel seen.
Thanks for bringing this to light! 💪 We will be adjusting that page!
And since it's for science, you must share with us what you find to be the comfiest hoodie.
RT DO - speak accurately about the risk from #COVID19, based on scientific data and latest official health advice. DON'T - repeat or…
RT DO - talk about people “acquiring” or “contracting” #COVID19 DON'T - talk about people “transmitting COVID-19” “infecting others”…
RT DO - talk about the new #coronavirus disease (#COVID19) DON'T - attach locations or ethnicity to the disease, this is not a “Wuha…
This is spot on. Starting from the beginning with a solid CoC helps, but it then requires buy in from the community and the #cmgr. When that happens, it's a wonderful thing.
Oh that's right... You're on Virgin... It's probably made from the bones of Branson's enemies
Reaching for the plastic champagne flute that fell underneath the seat in front of you does not count
Teamwork.
I gave up eating them for this reason.
Well, you do have most of the plane to yourselves... Get some cardio in
I know one thing to pass the time...
This is going so well... 🤪
RT THREAD: On #Coronavirus, we may be entering a period of accelerating cases. The country could look very different over…
Thanks Jess! This really means a lot! It is amazing that it has only been 2 years since I made yours and acquaintance... Here's to many more to come!
We are going to wish we had come November.
Are you saying that won't come listen to Iron Maiden with me?
RT Uber wealthy people telling regular folks that Coronavirus fear is overblown bums me out. Lots cannot afford a copay, or t…
Kicked off a new droplet and followed the instructions here ( to get TF setup and then resumed the original process to start processing the _huge_ twitter messages file and begin training the AI
Jess gets it.
Great suggestion here by Dawn!
I was, but jq just hasn't worked for me, and this file was non-standard JSON. So i paid the $10. ¯\_(☯෴☯)_/¯
Gah... Issues with following that guide which uses older TensorFlow and weird issues with installing into MacOS. Might need to adjust to using a DO droplet instead, or something similar I guess since I probably want this to be a service.
I've not had good success with jq in the past and this works just as well as anything so I went with it.
Turns out the .js file is really just some formatted JSON, and was able to handle it (30MB file required me to become a PRO user for a short time, costing me $10 in this process). I cleaned up my tweets from 18,350 to 5,150 for Tensorflow to have fun with.
Thanks - not sure I will but I'll let you know!
That's a very good question... Are you?
Hitting a bit of a snag that I'm going to have to figure out since when you download your tweets from Twitter they don't come in a CSV anymore, instead they're in a .js file. I'll need to convert first.
Oh I'm aware of both...
FWIW - I'm using this tutorial ( based out of this one ( and with this core code model (
After an entertaining conversation with and this past week, I'm embarking on creating a Twitter bot which will use ML/AI to create new tweets based on my past tweets, and post to its own account. I know you all are as excited as I am!!
This is one session I'm disappointed I am missing this year. I'll be eagerly awaiting the recording and / or slides.
You're helping.
Oh, right. Ok.
Sounds about right! I approve!
Definitely interested...
RT 55 years ago, when a group of civil rights organizers crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they carried America with them. To…
Sounds about right... In that order.
RT Dear Everyone, The reason South Korea has so many cases isn’t that they prevented spread. It’s that they *detected* the s…
The math checks out...
While at DevOpsDays NYC I got called "Conference Dad" by In relating the story to my wife I described him as "a really great kid". So I guess that's settled. I'm #ConfDad.
RT Today, I was talking about how kind &amp; thoughtful some folks in our industry are &amp; so here are some of them:
Get in line....
Yeah, but how do you quit?
Great job! Where did you bury it? #AskingForAFriend
Sorry it was so obvious
RT Mentality level = 💯 We’ll never, ever forget this one, 🤩 #MUFC #GoalOfTheDay
He does not care about his cult followers. It is blatantly clear.
Oh now that looks _fun_...
My humour doesn't translate hardly at all.
Oh, it does. It does.
I put together a moment for #DevOpsDaysNYC ⚡️ “DevOpsDays NYC 2020” to help capture the talks I was able to attend, and threads from others as well. Thank you to the organizers for a great event!
RT Why don't you automate your development process with CI/CD so that you can focus on building the next big thing? Look into the…
I'll be there... I'm ready for BBQ, tacos, and DevOps
Similar to your reaction when we finally met last year
RT Our government is a joke.
RT Issues #2 of The Observatory is out, featuring: 🏎️ Shoutouts to DevRels on the move, including and 🤔…
Brilliant!
He is a wrong answer thought leader
RT We recently launched our CircleCI learning platform - CircleCI Academy! Read more about the free courses you can take, and si…
When looking to implement DevOps principles into your company, what are some first steps?
RT Media suggestions: 1) Call a lie a lie. 2) Don’t carry a bs hit job under the guise of “covering how it plays.” 3) If some…
Cheese-Its _and_ Cookies. Or two Cheese-Its.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRANDON!
Hover or Namecheap are my go-to's
I agree with all of that. However, that is not the end all, be all for everyone. You thrive on the in person; so do I and many others as well. But there are many people, especially the emerging generations, who don't value the in person as much as they do the virtual.
Good on Microsoft for this! Let's hope they aren't the last!
RT I think the youth vote will be big in this election. Kids love dinosaurs!
RT Our work continues, the fight goes on, and big dreams never die. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
Good thread analysis on online vs in-person events. Both have value, but it's a dramatically different experience between each, and neither are substitutes for the other.
That's about as remote as it gets...
That song is now stuck in my head. Thank you.
Valid questions actually... The plane sucked a balloon into it's engine and shredded it out the back side. The jokes write themselves.
Yeah... You heard me. We had left the gate, were in line, and the pilot came on and said that a SouthWest pilot had reported a 🎈 going in the engine and coming out the other side shredded.
"Sucked a balloon" is not a reason for my flight returning to the gate and being delayed that I was prepared for hearing this evening.
A United striker scores off his own rebound? What is this sorcery?!?! Let's go!
RT Y’all, I am super excited to announce that I will be joining GitHub as VP of Research &amp; Strategy. My first day will be March…
Congratulations! This is amazing news and great for GitHub!
RT . and I are gathering data for an upcoming talk on the many jobs of DevRel. Since so many of you are home and not tr…
The emerging generation is consistently meeting more people virtually than they are in person.
RT I’m gonna really miss Elizabeth Warren’s campaign.
Yeah we tried to roll up into "Selling" or "Building" and then giving a couple examples of the orgs, with the "etc" added. I can see how that could be confusing though given some roles/companies and how things are structured.
To Adam's point though, you're either building or selling, right?
What about an "Other" to capture those instances where it's "Neither"?
I would say for the purposes of the survey, think of it as it relates to the end user. It's wildly different variables when you throw in "internal DevRel" into the mix.
RT Learn how to integrate RESTful APIs into CI/CD pipelines in this beginner-level tutorial:
RT ATTENTION DELAWARE! Funeral THURSDAY for Army veteran Allister Barker, 94. His nearest family lives in Georgia and will b…
#kuhoops #kubball
RT Slides from my talk “The Lifecycle of a Service” from #devopsdaysNYC are online at
I went ahead and added "Product Manager"..
Please help and I out here and take 2min 7sec to fill out this survey for our upcoming talk
Sounds about right....
RT #DevKaraokeOps
Matched them I have
Still acting Presidential. And accurate.
I mean, a PLEASE goes a long ways
Trying really hard to find the untruth in this advice...
That could be Pence's "Mother"...
Yeah, according to FDA that number of tests can be used for 1.2mil people.. which is of course hardly enough
So enough testing for ~1.2mil tests... Enough for 0.004% of Americans. That seems fine...?
Overcome documentation "blank screen syndrome" with good templates via at #devopsdaysnyc
"It's not done until it's documented." - at #devopsdaysnyc
"A #DevOps environment should strive to be low-context." - at #devopsdaysnyc
The Lifecycle... - Design - Maintenance/Iteration - Retiring/Sunsetting Service ownership is collaborating
Paying too much attention to be able to keep up with Matt's slides and my live tweeting. Here are his slidesnl...
Nearing the end of #devopsdaysnyc and we have walking us through "The Lifecycle of a Service"
You've done an amazing job there Tim! I look forward to hearing what you do next.
Creative board by
Creative board by
Creative board by
Go go go!
Congrats to the team!
It is almost like they have something to gain... ¯\(°_o)/¯
Before coffee... After coffee...
Part of a great Ignite Talk by at #DevOpsDaysNYC and the full slides are here
"coach don't rescue" is great advice from in encouraging diversity
Thanks to for a good set of resources around COVID-19
RT DevOps didn’t exist when Angel Rivera started as a developer. Find out how this one principle has changed his career:
Love the sticker tables at #DevOpsDaysNYC
Great Ursula K. Le Guin quote from at #DevOpsDaysNYC
They have voting in the subways?
Our role today in #devops is helping people learn that it's not about the tools, it's about change, it's about people. via at #devopsdaysnyc
Biggest challenges for #devops via at #devopsdaysnyc
What have we really learned? via at #devopsdaysnyc
Recruiters aren't helping #devops either via at #devopsdaysnyc
RT “When you think about it, SAFe is really good if you consider it a waterfall framework” - #devopsdays #devo…
Who killed #devops? via at #devopsdaysnyc
Tools will not fix your broken culture; tooling hype is not helping via at #devopsdaysnyc
"Stop lying to yourself - if you have thousands of branches that never get merged, you aren't doing 'continuous integration', you're doing 'continuous DISintegration'." via at #devopsdaysnyc
Some more of the #devopsdays topic changes of Open Spaces from "then" and "now" via at #devopsdaysnyc
To really understand where #devopsdays are today, you can look at the topics of Open Spaces then and now.... via at #devopsdaysnyc
We study history to help us learn and respond better next time. The "old days" are still day-to-day for a lot of orgs though... via at #devopsdaysnyc
Now #devopsdays have taken off and the future is bright via at #devopsdaysnyc
The #dwvopsdsys audience early on was very specific via at #devopsdaysnyc
Day 2 at #devopsdaysnyc starts with and "10 years of #devops, but what did we really learn?"
It's going to be a good day 2 here at #devopsdaysnyc
He has the balls to run ads that the rest of the field doesn't.
A great time with friends after #DevOpsDaysNYC
RT Signing their PGP key
CONGRATS! They're lucky to have you!
This is not a good thing. At all.
Milk that... Get all the cycles you can
To be subsequently at the After Party
I anticipate the content will suffer as a result
RT How has it been 3 years? I know how I’m celebrating. #Logan
RT 3 years ago, on this day, LOGAN was released. Thank you for the many (and I really mean MANY) years of sweat, steamed…
RT As a developer advocate you need to build trust with developers, but also within the organization so your managers woul…
RT Dear US Commanders: The oath you took was not to it was to the Constitution. You have a moral obligation to…
Important to be introspective and analyse where our personal line is. Stick to your own principles. at #DevOpsDaysNYC
If you can't beat em, join em? Moral injury can be a factor in our decision. The org only cares about you as long as you're useful to it. at #DevOpsDaysNYC
Where can you do the most good? It doesn't always mean you resign... at #DevOpsDaysNYC
You have to know who the general is... The Empire employed a lot of people...
Algorithmic bias is a large problem caused often by carelessness in the name of convenience at #DevOpsDaysNYC
The Lerna project is another example... It's interesting to see the reactions of those responding to the decision... Politics cannot be removed from our work.
Repurposed code should always be thought about during your eval of the ethical process. Make informed decisions. at #DevOpsDaysNYC
The question should be "Should we build the thing?" at #devopsdaynyc
Poe, Holdo, and Yoda can teach us about the ethical process at #devopsdaysnyc
A good set of guidelines from Michael Davis on making good, ethical decisions in your work at #devopsdaysnyc
Implement early, before you're presented with the decision at #devopsdaysnyc
It's easy to be tricked, and assigning your work as amoral can be dangerous at #devopsdaysnyc
Every bad guy in Star Wars first started as a good guy and had a decision to be made at #devopsdaysnyc
Here's the link to the ADHD talk! =)
The video has been posted!
The video for my talk on ADHD at was just posted. It's a 50min talk I stretched into an hour. Did i mention it was a talk on my experiences with being diagnosed with ADHD later in life? 🐿️
RT Mahomes' first six seasons as a starter: 2018: Reaches AFC Championship 2019: Reaches AFC Championship, wins SBLIV 2020: Reaches…
Personally like using on Mac. I can use Markdown, and can sync between systems and organize into projects, folders, etc.
Truth hurts... 🤣😂
"Those dang refs... If they hadn't have called that field goal "Wide Right" then #BillsMafia is gonna win. That's not even a valid call! NFL is scripted."
6 straight AFC Championship 🏆 games #ChiefsKingdom #Chiefs
#LFG #ChiefsKingdom
Alright #Chiefs - get a first down here, and then we run the clock out
Way to go #Chiefs special teams... 10 men on the field and still stop a fake punt
First one all year against Sneed... Sucks it had to come now
RT Jason Kelce is the greatest brother. That image is peak Kelce. #KCvsBUF
This is how you cheer your brother on
RT Travis Kelce is wide open for the score!
Play calling in short yardage and redzone situations this year has been really bad. 17th in the NFL this year in redzone TD % is unacceptable. Me thinks we miss Bieniemy more than anyone wants to admit.
LFG ! #ChiefsKingdom
RT 🚨 1 WEEK LEFT 🚨 That's right, just one more week to get in your submissions for #kcdc2024! Don't miss your chance to be a part o…
Yeah that's not KC. No idea where that fuckwit came up with that, but no. Just no.
Life isn't always so easily defined as good or evil like in Star Wars at #devopsdaysnyc
Going to learn about what Star Wars reaches us about ethical development from at #devopsdaysnyc
Centrally managed functionality breeds portability, and minimizes vendor lock-in via at #devopsdaysnyc
Start thinking of ways to encapsulate the functionality via at #devopsdaysnyc
As things grow, we now have repo sprawl. via at #devopsdaysnyc
Yaml via at #devopsdaysnyc
Pipeline configs are important to streamline, and dealing with pipeline sprawl via at #devopsdaysnyc
Managing secrets is doable, making the task of via at #devopsdaysnyc
Managing pipelines at scale tends to come up quite often, with "security" and "pipeline sprawl" being two main topics via at #devopsdaysnyc
Work smarter, not harder. Being agile means the ability to move (continuously), quickly, and easily. via at #devopsdaysnyc
It's time for talking on "CI/CD Agility and Controlling Pipeline Sprawl" at #devopsdaysnyc
Thread on #remotework benefits for those who've never done it.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
"Fail fast and break things" in theory sounds great, but in all practicality it's problematic with potentially dangerous results. "Increase learning and limit the blast radius" is a better mission. via Quincy Iheme at #devopsdaysnyc
This will never get old. #ChiefsKingdom
I support - read this thread and join me!
Blurring the lines between "dev" and "ops" comes down to sharing software ownership via at #devopsdaysnyc
Prod readiness helps build confidence in teams, reduce mistakes, and help onboarding new people. Start manually, then automate where possible. via at #devopsdaysnyc
Getting started with PRRs begins with acknowledging the need, then research practices, have discussions early, learn from failure, and enforce prod readiness practices... But _always_ be evaluating your PRRs via at #devopsdaysnyc
(continued) - Security - Capacity planning (missed slide) via at #devopsdaysnyc
Production guidelines help you with - Design &amp; dev - Configuration - Release Mgmt - Observability (cont....) (ref: via at #devopsdaysnyc
Getting ready for production can be made easier with Production Readiness Reviews (PRR) and a checklist by removing blame and building confidence in pushing out code, which helps with release velocity via at #devopsdaysnyc
Kicking off #devopsdaysnyc is with "Are you ready for production?"
Open Spaces at #devopsdays are a great way to learn, discuss, and grow #devopsdaysnyc
Great advice on how to stay healthy and ways to say hi at #devopsdaysnyc
Kicking off #devopsdaysnyc with and
One plus of coronavirus fears at events is it's bringing back the elbow tap as a greeting. #TeamElbowTap #devopsdays #devopsdaysnyc
Going to get some medical reading done while here at #devopsdaysnyc.
RT Joint Statement from DOS, DOJ, DOD, DHS, ODNI, FBI, NSA, and CISA on Preparations for Super Tuesday - "Americans must also rema…
RT Just in --&gt; A rare joint statement from Justice Dept, State Dept, FBI, intel agencies warning on the eve of Super Tuesday…
This seems oddly familiar... Can't quite place it...
This ruling is damaging for generations to come. The needs to stop pussy-footing around and utilise their power of inherent contempt and jail anyone not honouring a subpoena. It's literally what the ruling said they should do. Call the Trump Admin's bluff.
RT 38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer "under any circumstances" because of the coronavirus, according to a recent survey. J…
Yep! It's a great thing!
But..but.. (something something) Trump said coal.....!
#WhateverItTakes
Same for me... 🥺😭 Too much happening with the new gig. I'll be back
RT I breastfed in public without a cover for a few reasons. 1. It was my choice. 2. Breasts are super sexualized in the…
RT HEY will require two-factor authentication for all customers. Like vaccinations, strong security benefits individuals and s…
RT This #COVID19 is a fabulous case for universal health care - because there are so many who 1) are hourly wage earners and 2) ha…
He's so adorable!
Let's make that happen!
RT A reminder that may not be obvious: amplification on social networks has monetary value. Twitter’s algorithm counts it as eng…
RT I don’t want to be presumptuous, but you can also just wash your hands even if there’s *not* some pandemic currently capturin…
RT My husband &amp; I have been raising kids for 27 years. Our eldest came to us when he was almost 3. His mom OD’d &amp; his dad…
That's a real bummer! I'm sure we will run into each other some time!
To my #devrel friends, I'll be in NYC this next week for #devopsdaysnyc. If you're in town, shoot me a DM and let's meet up.
If anything it will give you new ideas!
RT BRUUUUUUUUNOOOOOOO!!! What a goal 🤩 #MUFC #EVEMUN
#SchittsCreek or #TheRanch ?
Huh... Not where I thought that was going...
I too want to know. Never heard this phrase.
RT “Under a little-known provision of the Affordable Care Act, health insurers must cover federally recommended vaccines at no co…
RT real talk - this happened a few years ago so it's always nice to see it resurface. The one time I actually really enjo…
Calming as in watching her do it. That is all.
It's got a certain ring to it...
It's one of my favourites to fly through
These don't hurt either
Ahh.. I haven't spent much time up there. Will make it a point to next time.
I love the view at #SLC airport
The woman next to me on this flight is crocheting and it's oddly calming.
Missed it. Where is it, and I'll go check it out next time I'm in the area?
My first week at was spent in the SF office, and i am truly excited to work with such an amazing group of people. And the view.... 🤩
Yet another truth/fact that Trump calls a hoax, and his supporters eat it up. At least he's consistent.
Marines have been leading the way for centuries, good to see that spirit is still there.
And this, dear reader, is how the human race collectively fell off the cliff and started World War Z. Such idiots.
WHY does this Lyft driver not know how to keep a steady foot on the gas? I get that it's SF &amp; you're not used to using cruise control (even though it's 430a &amp; no one is on the freeway), but for goodness sake.. KEEP A STEADY FOOT ON THE GAS!! I don't need whiplash before a flight.
RT PSA for non-science folks: Wonder why everyone is emphasizing hand washing? Sounds banal, but soap really IS an amazin…
RT Rep. "Do you believe the coronavirus is a hoax?" Pompeo: "We're working to keep people safe from coronavirus..." L…
RT when the government censored the press in 1918, it justified it by saying it was bad for wartime morale. this is, somehow, u…
Ultimate cheat codes for healthier travel #devrel
Managing the burnout burndown #devrel
Kansas City BBQ.
To the guy drumming on his steering wheel, with drumsticks, _while_ driving...
As of right now, I don't know! But I want it to be soon as I absolutely love Scotland.
RT Questioned CDC Director Redfield about our readiness to test &amp; respond to the #coronavirus. While attempts to minimi…
RT as promised, the Q1 Programming Language Rankings are now live. check them out below. in the meantime, please go tha…
RT Hey, just because a woman is arguing with you about something she feels strongly about doesn't mean she's: 1. Angry 2. Ups…
Bailey's always counts. Also, it's the only way I will drink Charbucks.
RT Hello! Are you a freelance writer with dev community chops? Can you simplify technical concepts and turn them into mag…
When traveling, it can get lonely when you're away from your family. I am blessed to have friends who invite me into their home when I am in their city to share a meal with their family. Thank you. It means so much.
Anything exciting happen?
RT in 1918, governments heavily censored media's coverage of the flu. the reason it's been known as the spanish flu, in fact, is…
RT The RedMonk Programming Language Rankings: January 2020
Oddly enough, similar pose
Almost as good of a pic as you on the pig outside of Serious Pie &amp; Biscuits
Best hair wherever you've been.
#AliceTheBeagle has much the same behaviour whenever we don't feed her when she wants, except she'll sit and howl and slap at her bowl, making it bounce on the floor, until we feed her.
RT I wish some people were as unsettled by white nationalists as they are by democratic socialists.
Here, here! 🙌👏👏
That's a scene from Bad Boys 2... In Miami... Life imitating art. Who knew BB2 was so ahead of their time.
It's sending a positive message. Don't overthink it.
The offices here at have Nitro Cold Brew on tap... I'll be over here if you need me.
RT We cannot ask our military to solve problems that cannot be solved militarily. #DemDebate
#blameMary
First is proper steaming technique. Embrace the mantra, "Happy milk is quiet milk."
That's awesome! Well done rosetta, and the espresso to milk to foam ratio looks great!
RT Sponsor #Devopsdays and reach over 550 #Chicago technology professionals September 1-2. Recruit talent, generate brand a…
A really good episode, delving into what makes a #DevRelPractitioner (ht
RT It doesn't matter if your community is a drop in the bucket if it's making waves! #CMGR
I use Magnet -
That explains everything
RT Paris, Barcelona, London, Amsterdam, San Francisco, ... 📚Would you like to learn more about AsyncAPI? We are starting…
Agreed on Throat Coat. I keep a box in my backpack at all times.
You gonna be at DevOpsDays NYC?
Blocked for some reason, don't know who the person is, but saw the pic you posted. I've run out of bleach for my eyes. Any idea what else can work?
Thanks Waldo! I'm excited. It's been a busy last few days!
There's such a thing as Non-frozen Thin Mints?
Reported the account and a few tweets. really needs to get their act together. This is about as easy as they come.
RT My motto ties in directly to Matthew 25: Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done…
Narrator: (whispers like "Hot pockets"
RT Social justice is LOVE applied to systems, policies and cultures.
Spot on now as it was then, maybe more so.
We are definitely aware of the need for nested virt, especially in the Android community, and currently have this in the pipeline! Thanks for sharing!
Never hold back on inopportune laughs... Best case, you enjoy yourself.
My wife and kids know I'm bound to cry... They don't bring any Kleenex for me though... That would be too helpful.
RT Say Hello, World! to The Observatory 🔭👋 ꩜ Brand new newsletter ꩜ Made for DevRel &amp; community folks ꩜ Practical tips for bo…
That's great! Let me know if there is anything i can assist with!
Ahh... Conspiracy theory that will weaponize more stupid antivax theories and get a lot of people killed. I'm beginning to wonder if this wasn't just the GOP of my youth and I missed it.... 🤔
That is totally uncool. Glad the father intervened, but I am so sorry for that to happen to you! 🤗 Here's a dog loving on another dog that I hope helps.
RT If you're a regular reader, you know Issue 95 of #DevRelWeekly has been a long time coming. But I promise you it's been wor…
In the vein of Schitt's Creek (fantabulous show btw), The Ranch on Netflix is pretty solid.
I agree here as well. Takes a few episodes, say maybe mid-season before it hits its stride.
I didn't realise before voting that they are different topics. Definitely do the slides first.
Oh yes please!
RT After a lifetime of reaching for the stars, today, Katherine Johnson landed among them. She spent decades as a hidden figu…
Launch Darkly is doing some great things!
Yessss!
Such an awesome gif! Thank you!
Thanks Leon!
RT My friend shares his expertise on the three main phases of a service’s lifecycle. Read in more detail about…
Great way to welcome a new team member!
RT America, if this tests well, we all fail.
I just picked it up the other day and will begin reading it soon!
Thanks Jim! That means a lot!
I have read two amazing books recently, "The Phoenix Project" &amp; "The Unicorn Project" by 100/10 would recommend for anyone looking for #DevOps principles in action via 2 great, complementary stories. Looking back at previous companies, those stories rang true!
Thanks Ben! GIF reply game on point!
RT 📢 join me online on March 25th from the comfort of your home 🏡 or office 🏢 or favorite work spot 🛸and experience the Microsoft…
Thank you Maria!!
This must be staged. I don't believe it. Can't happen.
Thanks! I do feel you're losing your touch as there wasn't a Charbucks swipe included.
Thank you!
RT We're saddened by the passing of celebrated #HiddenFigures mathematician Katherine Johnson. Today, we celebrate her 101 years of…
Me too!
Aww thank you Kate! I'm looking forward to learning and working with the team!
Thanks so much Lauren!
Thank you!
Thanks Ado!
Yessss
Thank you Brandon!
Thank you! Believe it or not, it took me about 15min trying to find the perfect one, and then working to adjust the MB size because has a weird 3MB limit.
Dude... Thanks! I'm excited for the future here!
Thanks!
Thank you, and that sounds interesting! We might need to have a chat in the near future.
Thank you both!
Yes!
Thank you!
Thanks Shannon!
Thanks Joel! I'm really excited!
Thank you Joe!
Thanks mate! I'm super excited!
I'm pleased to announce that as of today, I start at as the Head of Developer Relations &amp; Community!!! 🎉 🎉 So excited to join the team there as we build out and execute on a strategy to grow a top-notch #devrel org!! Let's go!!
Paging
is always more on top of things.
Paging
That's awesome!! So jealous of your view!
Then are you a thought leader?
Then you're well on your way
Just keep doing what you're doing. They'll find you
We have cookies!
Do we need a get together? The only answer is of course yes.
This seems legit
When has that stopped you?
Narrator: .......
You better add "ninja unicorn gif searcher" to your LinkedIn profile or you're missing out
RT Are you interested in helping support under-represented groups by donating a few tickets to #DevOpsDaysKC 2024? Well, we'…
RT So many anti-DEI arguments hinge of their belief that diverse candidates cannot possibly be qualified. Expanding your…
I have an idea. No.
I'm using ChatGPT-4 and DALL-E to create slide images for an upcoming talk - and it's been interesting. It doesn't seem to understand "no textual elements" and "no text in the image" very well. Sometimes it's there, sometimes it's created words, sometimes it's correct
RT Monki Gras is back for 2024 - hold the dates!
NOOO! I'm gonna miss it. This makes me very sad.
RT JavaScrictKC is BACK!!! Join us Jan 24th for our first MeetUp of the year. will be talking about…
I volunteer as (judge) tribute
"Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken." Name that film without searching it
Yeah been some extreme weather here in KC
Rich would be a great addition to your team
RT Calling all speakers! 📣 We're in the SINGLE DIGIT COUNTDOWN. ⏰ Just 9 more days to submit your proposal for #KCDC2024
Wait... So NO Kermit leg?
RT Less than a week away from this month's #DevOps KC meetup (Tue Jan 23 @ 530p, food and networking first). We will hear from C…
RT Automation in #DevOps: A game-changer or just hype? Submit your CFP and share your automation strategies and stories at #…
RT
RT If you use the #Kubernetes upstream #Linux package repositories and run a version older than 1.24, you may be affected…
When you have to say "grande vanilla bean frappe, in a venti cup, java chips, extra whip on top and bottom with mocha drizzle and cookie crumbles, mocha drizzle around cup, shots of espresso, heavy cream" 5 times because you each have different modifiers it takes awhile
Yeah, privileged white dude butthurt because he can't steal money from her
Which sometimes tracks with the last tool we used
Agreed.. I've seen all but maybe 5? Amazing year in movies.
Video or it didn't happen
Mauricio....
I'm a fair bit tempted with the normal S20
"To us, this is not about politics or choosing sides." Then take off that disgusting hat. That hat is not American. It's hateful and nationalistic and I am so saddened to see this.
I'd say this goes for _every_ job description
RT GREENWOOOOOOOOOD! WHAT A GOAL! #MUFC #MUNWAT
Congrats mate! So happy for you!
RT ANTHONY MARTIAL. THAT IS ALL. #MUFC #MUNWAT
This applies to more than just this item, right?
Good for her! It's also a thrift store/second hand origjnal, but good for her! #FactsMatter
RT The national security official I trust had some tough words for NSA Robert O’Brien’s comments about on abc n…
Let's go! #MUFC
Whenever #DaveGrohl plays #Everlong acoustic and by himself, it instantly becomes my favourite version of that song. This is a bit old, but still great!
What could go wrong?
#SemperFi
From a #devrel and #community standpoint, I agree. If they don't give good #cmgr tools to the project owner (and whomever they seem worthy to add as well), I see this becoming another HN comment idiocy.
Flying early on a Sunday sucks... But I'm ready for the next adventure!
This is so awesome!!
Stop acting older than me and I'll treat you like the millennial hipster you are
Oh! 👀 👀 One of my favourite #community and #devrel conferences is back after a brief hiatus, and the #cfp is open! Get on it!
Not a Bloomberg fan, but this is 100% correct
3
Are we going to pretend we aren't surprised at this point?
It's nice until that huge camera module comes into focus..
Sounds about right.
What a novel idea...
I honestly expected it
I'm not a guy or a girl, I'm a little more
RT I’ve been testing this for a bit now. I like the idea + have opinions about implementation, but the main thing the folks w…
RT Why would the Russians try to re-elect Trump? Because he’s making Russia great again—while crippling American power and influ…
Oh the winning....
I LOVE THAT SONG!
I'll be giving my first Ignite talk in honour of your birthday 😬...?
I can't help but picture Paul Blart
Yay! Congratulations!
If only there were a body of the US Govt who could stop him.... 🤔
RT The emptier the head, the louder the mouth.
RT Together, we create...a great new #CFSummit experience! Take action; please vote for program co-chairs (
I don't know who needs to hear this, but if you are going to drop a package off at the post office, it is important to take the package with you when you go in. It's definitely me that needs to hear this.
This is an amazing beta feature (check the thread) for #opensource and developer communities... The ramifications for #devrel and #community are boundless.
Oh dang... Didn't realise it wasn't.
So tired of the winning...
I hope to be making Build again this year.
RT If can launch such a devastating attack on a real New York billionaire worth over $40 billion, imagine what she’ll do…
I'll just put this here....
"The Dead Don't Die" is a slow, comedic, star-studded zombie flick that isn't afraid to poke fun at itself. And I liked it.
Recycling for #devrel. SHIP IT!
Officer 1: Why did you do that? They’re not zombies. They’re just dead people. O2: Well, yeah, for now, they’re still just dead hipsters. But they haven’t turned yet. It can take a while. Chief: He’s right, Mindy. Now they’re just dead hipsters, from Cleveland. #moviequotes
We left our oldest at church once when he wouldn't leave when we left.
Yes. It's a hard truth for sure, and one that is not often recognised.
Assuming I am in KC, I'll be there?
I brought this up with HR at my now former company, and their response was, "well, you can always go load up Bamboo to see their photo."
That seems like the logical thing to do
Narrator:
Yep, I do that quite often. It's just the quirks of intl travel. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I use OnePlus devices exclusively. They work but it's more about issues with speeds in different countries.
I have. It's sporadic at best in terms of whether it's ok or becomes a hindrance.
That's quite brilliant and I would expect nothing less.
A bit of nostalgia here in 2020.... Win 3.1 icons.
Yeah, I've thought about that as well... Might give that a try in the near future before switching.
I do as well... Except for 2 things: 1) intl roaming is SLOOOOOW (2g). Having LTE where available with all my intl travel would be very helpful. 2) it's difficult to expense when you have a shared plan (5 total) as the breakdowns on billing for one is a bit difficult.
Let me know how that goes as I am contemplating switching myself from TMobile so it's easier to expense...
#LifeGoals
So, , I think we need a heart to heart... This is not freaky fast... Last two orders have taken 20+ min to get made...
RT Launching an app on Glitch? Check out our favorite app launch checklist on
This is sooo cool and an amazing process/integration for any #devrel or #community team!
I have questions
RT Despite protests to the contrary, I want YOU to submit your talk proposal for ! I especially…
Boo yah
Narrator: He simultaneously was looking in the mirror while watching TV
RT I don't tweet much about politics, but: Let's not accept the same flaws that the incumbent has just because Bloomberg sh…
RT Of all the people on the #DemDebate stage, I’ve been a politician the shortest—but I've been the one out fighting for families…
Does this work to add Nazi's and racists to your block lists? Asking for everyone.
Just like all the others.
I'm sure you'll think of something
I sent TWO of the same Ignite talk. You're welcome.
Guarantee that Drumpf won't submit him to be confirmed.
RT Saved the best episode for last 😏
Love these Chiefs! #ChiefsKingdom
RT So many people: I hate marketing Also people: I like how you explained that, and that article was helpful, and that site i…
20 Statistics About the Benefits of Online Communities
RT 🎙New episode alert 💪👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 joins us to discuss empowered communities. Tips to build, grow and engage your comm…
RT Jesus didn’t call it “social justice.” He simply called it Love. If we would only Love our neighbors beyond comfort, b…
This is quality content.
RT I'll go a step further: DO feel guilty if you don't have another hobby. Get another hobby. I don't care if this upsets you, it…
RT Our friends at Google's Open Source Programs Office ( are funding 30 #DevRelCon San Francisco tickets for people fr…
You got this!
RT “Those who ignore Trump’s actions may think they are staying in the shadows, but they are actually in the hot spotlight of hi…
This is a really good thread on salary negotiation given the recent Twitter salary threads... I've been on both sides of the table, and Heather really nails this. A great resource!
Ooohhh... This looks interesting!
It looks like a great app, but $30/mo is a barrier for me
Thanks for sharing!
WHO'S CUTTING THE ONIONS?!?!
RT Have you seen the recent improvements has done to the #AsyncAPI website? He's greatly improving the collaboration pro…
What about HP sauce?
RT It's pretty common on Twitter, etc. to see profile disclaimers like, "I do not speak on behalf of my employer." Just once, I…
RT If you missed my Keynote at The Things Conference, and are super bored, you can catch it here:
Thanks Conrad!
It is with sadness, &amp; of course excitement, I am announcing that Feb 20 is my last day at It's been a definite learning experience, helping influence the #devrel &amp; #community focus, &amp; I look forward to their continued growth. Stay tuned for more on my next steps!
Had a great week with in Zakosciele, Poland. Sad in some ways to be going home, but made some great memories and renewed old friendships.
I'll leave this right here..
Why cut it? Are you thinking you might not finish it, and want to give yourself a sporting chance? Don't tell me you are _sharing_ your grilled cheese!!!? But the ketchup is fine. Grew up with ketchup to dip my grilled cheese in. It's fine. Take it or leave it.
I want to ❤️ this, but I grew up having ketchup with my grilled cheese. I loved it then. Now I rarely add it, because I'm lazy, but I still think it's good. Therefore, I can't like this tweet, but I will respond to it.
That's what my daughter said...
Amazing....
Taking a selfie while touring #Auschwitz clearly identifies you. All I could do to _not_ throw his phone on the ground.
At McDonald's in Poland, they not only have immaculate facilities (and clean kitchens), but they also have time to make delicious cookies and pastries.
Ahh... Gamification.
Bette Midler, Wind Beneath My Wings Katy Perry, Firework
LinkedIn is doing email advertising? 😅🤪
I was asked to deliver a talk at a conference last year which was someone else's on my team. I wrote about the process in the post "The challenge of preparing to give someone else's talk" #DEVcommunity
Don’t create, re-use! #devrel
They just don't get it... They were Passed _because_ they didn't do anything against the law.
No, we don't like racists and Nazi's.
With the kale added in...
I'm not the only one....
*kale
Eyes rolled so hard that I decided I'm just going to bed.
Hey #SF friends. I'll be in San Francisco the week of Feb 24. Would love to grab food, a drink, or whatever. My DMs are open.
RT Mary Thengvall on Measuring the Value of Developer Relations #devrel
After Pulse: Finding the DevRel in You #devrel #community
RT We're sunsetting the Teams API and replacing it with a brand new one. See exactly what that means for you at
Doing the lord's work
RT Ever wondered how you create an indispensable community for your organization? Watch this video and learn how the top…
So the percussion workshop at English Art Camp in Poland has come to an end &amp; it's been amazing. 11 students came to learn about rhythm &amp; how they too can play percussion. We started out small, &amp; by the end of the week they could switch to different rhythms on the fly. So proud!
Soooo good, along with genuine kielbasa and zurek soup.
This thread is how you protect the Rule of Law, and the Republic.
One of my favourite sessions from #devrelcon London this past year
That's a solid idea. Also, schedule regular calls with friends (if you can't go meet in person) who you don't work with.
He's not upset because Barr did what he wanted him to. Barr pulled a Susan Collins level of {I am concerned|I am deeply troubled}. It was all a publicity stunt and one which lets Barr claim coercion and hopefully keep his job as Trump's personal protector.
#NeverForget #NeverAgain #ParklandStrong
Definitely a good thread. I don't see him getting the nomination, but I do see him having the balls to confront Trump's incessant lies and disinformation streams to benefit the Dem candidate.
I'm quitting tech to become a flesh-eating monster truck driver Let's do this!
Any lacrosse movies in there?
Measuring dev rel programs far beyond marketing activities #devrel
Did someone say "bananas"?
Ooooh.... This looks really interesting!
RT If you work in developer relations or are working to get adoption for an open source project, API, or developer platform, t…
RT For those who missed my talk ⁦ - here it is! Thanks to ⁦ for the recording and inviting me to speak 🎉…
Wow... Having been to MWC, this is a big development. It's also impossible to contain something like coronavirus given the mass of people converging on one location.
Here we go again. This is disheartening.
I got accepted for a lightning talk, but it's just not going to happen (this year)
Completely agree. Bernie as the candidate means 4 more years of Trump.
This was such a great book! I remember that one well.
Who are you making eye contact with?
Narrator: You don't say? If only there was a way to check for a pattern... And then act on it....
That foot wiggle at the end....
RT 👏👏 It's all about community ✨ Check out thoughts on the importance of collaboration and the amplification yo…
Don’t ship your community without C.A.R.G.O. #devrel
The meme goodness that is Antique Roadshow... Enjoy this thread and replies.
RT Looking for opinions from all the smart folks out in the Twitterverse: A) Which products have the best developer experienc…
RT Hey folks, I'll be chatting with on 2/14/20 at 9:30AM PST about her talk on "The Dr. Seuss Guide to Code Craf…
RT Volunteer for a 4 hour segment at #DevOpsDays NYC and we will reimburse your tickets! PS - free food and swag too Si…
Are we going to avoid talking about the baboons just hanging out in your pics?
RT it was very chilly during our walk today. when i tried to hop in a puddle. i slid across it instead. i am not a penguin.…
RT Looking forward to this weekend. Can't wait to see what creations these innovative students come up with! The
This is a great resource!
Communities aren’t funnels #devrel
I decided to put some thoughts down and expand a bit on this tweet thread from a few weeks ago. Collaboration is key to broadening your #DevRel and #Community reach!
Interesting solution. My problem there is the challenge of getting quality espresso at home without a ~$2k+ machine. I miss my old 2grp Aurelia I had at home.
I lose my cup all of the time. I tend to walk around the house during conference calls, and end up with coffee mugs all over the house. The joys of remote work.
The art of story design #devrel
How to capture community relationships #devrel
A Scotch Egg from The Brealin will change your world The Breslin 16 W 29th St, New York, NY 10001 (212) 679-1939
Lev 19:11 - “ ‘Do not steal.' ‘Do not lie.' ‘Do not deceive one another.' " Prov 17:7 - "Eloquent lips are unsuited to a godless fool— how much worse lying lips to a ruler!" I have no doubt that Scriptures against lies like these that he is spewing will fall on deaf, GOP ears.
Narrator:
Frodo: "I wish the Ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened." Gandalf: "So do all who live to see such times, but that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us."
I submitted, you should too! #devopsdaysCHI
Northrop Grumman Cargo Mission Awaits Launch via NASA
These have been great - The 3 different sizes give me options depending on the trip.
RT I've got a nice lead on some compensated documentation PM work in the open source API space with a focus on getting users s…
Dang! I'll be in Cracow on Sunday but don't know when yet.
I am Jeremy, patron saint of the best time
I just wasted 2 1/2 hours on Once Upon A Time in Hollywood on this flight. Worst Tarantino film of them all IMHO.
I play percussion (djembe, cajone, etc) as well as guitar, keys, bass, etc. I'm nowhere in your league on drums though, but teaching rhythm (using trash cans, pots, etc) is a good thing for everyone, so that's what I'll be teaching at the camp.
Yes. I have that going for me
Gotta love the conversations that go on within earshot where they talk about colouring hair and how you have healthier hair when you don't and that they don't judge people's age if they have dyed hair, etc.
... a rebirth?
This collab between LL COOL J and Eminem is legit insanely good #MurdergramDeux
RT System Initiative is the future and it's ready for you to replace Infrastructure as Code. Read more about why on our blo…
RT "Observability is a developer experience revolution as much as anything else. The last generation of monitoring, tracing and…
🔥🔥❤️❤️
Yessss MATTY!!! This is such good news!
When your IDP goes out of style
It was great being here, and thank you for your hospitality
Thank you for having me! I was honoured to join the other amazing speakers at #DevOpsDays Portugal. Here are the slides to my talk. Thank you to all the amazing attendees and interactions as we talked about streamlining #DevEx in your organizations.
OH: Humans are more fucked up than soup sandwiches
RT LATE PASSES for CONNECT TECH go on sale soon 👀 Why go to a or #conference when. you ca…
Thank you to the entire team for an amazing #DevOpsDays Portugal.
There are things that matter, and things that don’t. Give fewer and fewer fucks about the opinions of others and pay attention to how you feel. Because YOU MATTER. - at
Maintaining a balance between our work lives / private lives, esp when one &gt; the other: 1. Lower your damn standards. 2. There is no balance. There’s not a work and a home, there’s YOUR life. 3. Take a step back. Put life in perspective. - at
Yeah, that's been my feeling too
Yeah, seen that before as well but not as often as I used to
Not sure if serious... but I like it 🤣
Oh, right. Yeah that makes sense.
Hah - put "cartoon of a t-rex that is a software developer sitting at a computer typing" into DALL-E and got DevRex =)
So whenever it's typed put all of them? Not sure I'm following
Now there's a good name for a band of devs who play at conferences. Hmm... If I needed a side gig... this might have legs
I'm so there.
Which of these shortened forms of "Developer Experience" do you prefer? I see them both, and while I understand why "DX" is used, I can't help my brain immediately thinking about "D-Generation X" from when I used to watch WWF _years_ ago #devex #dx #developerexperience
CFP for #DevOpsDaysKC is still open, along with registration ( - would love to get some great CFP submissions around updates, and how to filter through the noise in your #devops environments
Good on you
This is so cool, and congratulations ( 's Hitch!!)
RT Today, we reflect on the life and legacy of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and recommit to honoring his vision. It's up t…
Aww shucks... Thanks Marino! And yes, it'll be a good time!
YES! Registration is OPEN for #DevOpsDays KC!
RT Realizing this is the first time in history someone has ever sent a text message about the Lions winning a playoff game
I see he's been practicing his jack off motion
Awesome! I reported them yesterday after seeing you disappear for a bit. Glad Twitter did something.
I love Poland, so will definitely do that!
Nope, will be near Tomaszow Mazowiecki
FYI: My tweeting over the next 10 days or so is going to take a hit as I will be helping to teach English (#TeamOxfordComma anyone?) and percussion in Poland with Don't worry, I will return with something exciting!
There are 7 days Jess. 7 days in a week.
Honk, honk
You make a good point
Thoughts and prayers. Truly.
"If you love something, you shoot it in the face, so it doesn't become a flesh-eating monster." #ZombielandDoubleTap dropping nuggets of wisdom
Two questions... 1- you're supposed to _bring_ an onboarding gift? 2- who needs a reusable cork? Don't they know you never open a bottle that you don't intend to finish in that sitting?
CBP agents hovering in the jet bridge at #MSP for the flight _out_ of the country. Come on... Really?
Weatherperson is a solid option there... Highly paid to be wrong most of the time, and it be easily dismissed as "well, the weather is hard to predict!"
Narrator: She seems a bit out of touch...
This represents one of most ambitious musical endeavours in awhile, if not ever. And I like it! #PearlJam #danceoftheclairvoyants
Really great analysis of one of my long-standing favourites, , by .
An overachiever I am
RT one of my favourite companies, is opening an office in london next month. they're hiring. first public positio…
An 18yo button pusher at Charbucks is better at their job than these GOP Senators
RT
RT Aviation and Westminster Dog Show partnered up for a new cocktail called, “The Sensation”. I got a little excited...
Oh I know. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
OH: "Coca-Cola hasn't been the same since they removed coke from it in the 60s. They need to bring it back and leave it alone." My daughter everyone. My daughter.
Open Source is broken #devrel
RT Fly like a butterfly, sting like a Wasp. believed in himself, this play call, and the on the #SBLIV…
All of the above
RT
RT I am excited to launch the Community Access Bootcamp, where I will provide FREE training, mentoring, and resources for peopl…
I grew up using the command line... *NIX and MS-DOS from the beginning... I still love to type in commands. But it's becoming increasingly more convenient to just use a UI instead. 🤷‍♂️
It really is hard to believe - still - that the that I grew up with; the Chiefs who couldn't win a playoff game for decades; who would have the best team in the NFL many times, only to fall apart... those same Chiefs won the Super Bowl. #ChiefsKingdom through and through.
RT Communities can provide three kinds of value to members: 1. Educational: Members teach each other. 2. Emotional: Members…
....what?
And yet... the decapitated corpse is _still_ there.... Is that a message you're trying to send?
Decapitated and left for dead
It's been talked about for 3 years. He's removed all but a few confirmed cabinet members, meaning those in the current posts are all consolidated down to him and power. The Senate GOP brought this on themselves.
RT I don't know who needs to hear this, but having a non-male moderator doesn't make your panel any less of a ‘manel’
RT Yo is the dude who hit the parking meter okay?
...about the fact it's been murdered?
Conference organizers... Listen Up!
Yes, yes it is
I agree with here (yes, I said I agree with Corey) - this is a great selling point for that they _never_ talk up.
RT We know #cmad2020 was last week, but everyday is a good day for #selfcare. Our ebook is still available for direct download here…
RT I just found out that my position at Gremlin has been eliminated. So I’m in the market for something new. I’m most inter…
Sounds like an important participant for any off-site
Some good tidbits of info here on #serverless and enterprise adoption
That's ONE Republican who will vote to uphold the Constitution.
Awesome that you're down there! I had a thought to but it just wasn't going to happen.
RT The Lombardi Trophy is back in Kansas City. #ChiefsKingdom |
Continuous Integration without unit tests
#ChiefsKingdom loves and the
#ChiefsKingdom
"It says it right there in their tag line!"
#ChiefsKingdom
A _lot_ of things didn't exist when we were in school.
There was one guy who was spouting truth, and another guy who was spouting all of the lies, and 4 others looking on while drinking coffee and eating donuts.
That's awesome. So many questions. But `polar bear` != `panda`
If you're a #cmgr make sure you do this!
Overheard a bunch of old men at the donut shop this morning arguing loudly over fox news lies...
Oh he's so insightful and wise! Happy pre-Birthday to him, and well done Heidi!
Senator, this is a Sonic drive thru
Maybe he's conflating his Access Hollywood statement?
I definitely use it, and make sure to put: - why I'm gone - start/end dates - who to contact on what deliverable I might own - who to contact for everything else. I love the auto turn off feature because I don't remember to turn it off very often. #DevDiscuss
And only when it's actually the truth
Facebook
Tell me you have a panda costume. Please tell me.
Sounds like some good teamwork already
Some of the best commercials this year!
But did you spill anything on anyone?
RT An epitaph for the Republican Party in the time of Trump. “The Party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ear…
I think we need to bring back the Glamour Shot headshot... Feels like we're missing an opportunity.
Mental health and wellbeing in online communities #devrel
Meet JJ Asghar #devrel
Dropping truth bombs
Whenever "Dammit" comes on, my brain goes into overdrive and my focus narrows and I start getting crap done. It's the same with most punk rock, but Blink and are in a league of their own for me. Let's do this!
Fantastic this is, career in stunt doubles they do have.
Better?
It was unique. I don't like reusing. Didn't know that was a KPI for me. Duly noted.
I just saw "Michael J Fox" was trending, and I about lost it.
Melania and Barron have more respect for the National Anthem (and America for that matter) than Trump does.
RT This is good. Links and analysis on docs and tech comms. Enjoy!
RT Here is from on how reputations last longer than roles: #conversationswithbacon
Mmk
Perseverance. #ChiefsKingdom
Shall we collaborate to drive our rankings up faster?
RT Hey #DevRel s !🥑 I do really need your help here 😮 which communication channel is the most used by your communities? 🤔
RT Derrick Nnadi is celebrating his Super Bowl win with some furry friends. Every dog at the KC Pet Project animal shelter is free to…
#Monktoberfest2020 on the schedule!!!
First thing I do when someone shares a spreadsheet with me to collaborate on is I make it pretty. Any spreadsheet that doesn't have some color clearly identifying what's what causes me to lose faith in the data.
So happy and excited for !! has found an amazing #DevRel leader to take them to the next level, joining an already amazing team!
RT 🚨Our CFP is OPEN! 🚨 Every developer has a story to tell, and we hope you'll consider telling yours at #cjs20! Perks: 🏨 Lo…
It is the responsibility of those who created, continue to perpetuate, and benefit from systemic racism to be the ones who tear it down. 🙏👏👏👏👏
RT "Madden curse" lol 😂
RT Thrilled for Kansas City. Their fans have dreamed for 50 years. Now they've been rewarded with a season of exclamation poin…
RT Before he’s turned 25 years old, has had one of the best two seasons for a QB in NFL history, won the M…
Practice facility is in KC MO...
RT HOW 'BOUT THOSE CHIEEEEEEEEEEFS?!?!
RT GO CRAZY #CHIEFSKINGDOM
RT SUPER BOWL CHAMPS!!!!
RT WE JUST WON THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #CHIEFSKINGDOM
Yes. Yes he did.
RT Microsoft just won Super Bowl with that Katie Sowers commercial. "We have all these assumptions in life about what women do…
RT Kansas City!!!! This ones for you!!! Time to Party!!!
RT 🎉 Congrats 🎉 You just won a free shirt – shoot us a DM so we can get that headed your way! 🔥👕 available on…
RT "KANSAS CITY WE'RE COMING HOME, BABY!"
Adnan.
RT As a Bears fan used to watching a QB crumble under pressure game after game, it was some emotional experience watching Maho…
RT Congrats Champ ❤️
RT SUPER BOWL CHAMPS 🏆
Truth. Such a great game!
RT For the Kingdom! The Vince Lombardi Trophy is coming back to Kansas City, #ChiefsKingdom
RT THE ARE SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS! #SBLIV #ChiefsKingdom
RT WE DID IT!!!!
RT
What a game!!
I am crying. That's the tweet.
RT WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS?!?!?
RT 🗣 ANDY ANDY ANDY
Being a Kansas City sports fan in my lifetime has meant years of disappointment. In the last 5 years, that has been reversed. #ForeverRoyal #ChiefsKindgom
RT OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
#ChiefsKindgom
YESSSSSS! #ChiefsKingdom
RT DAMIEN WILLIAMS WITH THE SCORE TO GIVE US THE LEAD!!!!
RT Not out of this, baby!
RT Keep bringing it, #ChiefsKingdom
RT LET'S GO!!!!
LET'S GO! #ChiefsKingdom
I have my finger on the pulse of trends
Yes it was double sided, inner flag was the US flag.
So tired of The Masked Singer. And I've never seen the show.
RT All tied up at half! #SBLIV
I'm not crying, you're crying at this #SuperBowl commercial
RT YES! WE DID IT! Who saw us!? #MakeSpaceForWomen
RT Stonecold and Big Mike with the pressure, Breezy with the pick 👊
I think that point passed a long time ago
RT MAHOMES RUNS IT IN FOR THE TD!
Bless you. May it be.
Just a warning... My feed this evening is going to be full of #ChiefsKingdom #SuperBowl content. Feel free to mute me as always
Let's Go #KCChiefs! #ChiefsKingdom
If you didn't color this up you missed an opportunity
So great spending time with and (not pictured)! Travel safe and we will see you both again!
Good luck on the next thing! You're going to rock it!
Totally agree. I didn't see the West until I was 21, and have been in love with mountains since then. They are truly my happy place.
Looks like the Seattle Travel Bureau stock photo
And it often seems the questions about certain expenses are over &lt;$100, when I guarantee there are more things to be concerned with at the &gt;$100k level.
Yesss! Adium and the green duck logo were awesome!
Where do we pre-order?
Finally...
Have you met Twitter?
Nailed it.
RT If you need a practical guide on how to set up and connect a front-end client with a back-end API, this article's for you…
RT Sixty years ago today, the Greensboro Four stood up to injustice by sitting down at a lunch counter. Our journey is full o…
RT After tonight, I never want to hear another Democratic voter complain about not feeling "energized" or "heard" or "enthus…
Absolutely loved this show. Definitely going to miss it.
"Here we see the dreaded Kansas Couch Snake in its natural habitat...."
January is _finally_ over.
RT This is what the wrong side of history looks like. #ImpeachmentTrialSham
Looks like a marmut. They're fun.
So not much has changed?
Nothing like an impartial jury
What about potent and secretly stern prowess?
Oh geez... I think I just had a flashback
I'd like to get in on the ground floor of this endeavour.
RT Have you tried #Software Analytics platform? can now analyze #GitHub, #GitLab, #Meetup, a…
Yessss....
Don't miss this _FREE_ online event on #Serverless
RT You sunk my battleship! 🚢 Build a working game of #Battleship using #TypeScript in #Java in
And to think... Some of those mentioned in this document are the very ones who will be voting to go forward with the cover up. #WitnessesNOW #AmericansDemandWitnesses and as your constituent in Kansas, I hold you accountable in this cover up.
This is the goal for my team... Moderately contained excitement.
RT We've launched a new #codelab and #udemy course using #TypeScript , #SpringCloudStream, and #aureliajs to create a web-base…
Teach me your ways.
A great group of winners at #devrelcon this year!
RT This is it! Your last chance to submit for #kcdc2020 has arrived. The CFP closes at 11:59 CST tonight. What’s already…
At least there wasn't a dang piano.... Welcome to #MUFC
He was totally fine. Couldn't have cared less.
Such a shame.
Me: Having a dog who is very annoyed and anxious when high-pitched noises like the fire alarm are happening... 🤩🤗 Also Me: Annoyed that the fire alarm batteries have gone out at 2am and #AlicetheBeagle is anxious and barking/whining. 🤯😵🤬
Well, yeah! It isn't a Charbucks
Oh come on... It'll be fine...
Oh right...
I think it looks like Ian Ziering?
RT Goodbye! Everything is fine̷.
RT I say this to you, my friends, with all the love in my heart... take it sleazy! #TheGoodPlace
RT That's all, forks! #TheGoodPlace
Honestly one of the better endings to a show I've seen and cared about in awhile. #TheGoodPlace was a journey and made you care about each character. This last episode was the perfect mix of happy, sad, and complete. 10/10 would recommend this show.
RT He's our honorary human, after all. #TheGoodPlace
Pretty great for the team, the fans, and the city! Congrats for a good win, and I'm cheering them on to the Super Bowl, and, as long as they don't play the Chiefs, they're my pick to win it.
That would explain the heartwarming warmth that flooded over me
RT Elon Musk says C-sections allow for greater IQ because brains are squeezed by traversing the cervix and vaginal canal. Th…
The look was oddly familiar... Have you given that look before?
That look at the end 🤣😂
From here on out I shall refer to them as "The 1-⭐ Cowboys", credit to
I'm now calling them "The 1-⭐ Cowboys" from here on out
The fucking Cowboys haven't been "America's Team" in decades, so can we stop describing them that way? Kthx
One of the best pieces on the experiences that people with Long COVID have with our shitty healthcare system, which need s to be amplified more. And weaving in your relationship with your wife was just beautiful as well. Again, thank you.
RT The Bald Eagle has never been more American than this
RT #LongCovid essay inspired by recent article in the NY Times, also detailing the author's experiences. "It is…
Thank you so much for sharing your experience and being so open. This was a captivating piece to read.
Lol I just checked out the AllTrails gpt app too and it was meh
Yeah it is frickin cold here, and at this point you can get a ticket in exchange for a thermos of hot chocolate and schnapps
I'll take his, but only if in a sourdough bread bowl
Oh Lori! So sorry!
Yeah I know a lot of memes came from the show but never watched it ¯⁠\⁠_⁠༼⁠ᴼ⁠ل͜⁠ᴼ⁠༽⁠_⁠/⁠¯
I was today years old when I watched my first episode of Futurama. It's always been on my list but never got around to it. Today's the day.
Yeah, this sucks
My day says "everybody's working for the weekend"
RT Don't mind me! Just returning my damn essence to the damn fabric of the damn universe! #TheGoodPlace
RT It's been a 'rocky' journey. They've seen a lot of 'horrors'...#TheGoodPlace
RT Chidi absolutely owns the poet/poem challenge. Hands down. #TheGoodPlace
RT Can humans literally ball their eyes out? Is this a new form of #TheBadPlace torture? Cheleanor forever!! 😭😭😭 #TheGoodPla…
RT We love them 3000. #TheGoodPlace
RT JUST LIKE ELEANOR, OUR EMOTIONS AREN'T READY FOR THIS. #TheGoodPlace
RT 🎶Hey there, Delilah What's it like in #TheGoodPlace? I'm a Jeremy Bearimy away But, not a girl, tonight you look so pretty Y…
RT Janet pretending not know the time. And Jason wearing a Janet-print tank! ❤ #TheGoodPlace
Fyi I will be tweeting about and reshaping stuff on the Series Finale of #TheGoodPlace ... Feel free to mute but you shouldn't.
RT Take a deep breath. #TheGoodPlace series finale starts NOW on
Agreed.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again. Dogs. We don't deserve them.
Thank you. It's going on my LinkedIn profile.
Both. Definitely.
Great resource!
OH: "Deprecation emails should make you feel the urgency, kinda like the urgency you feel when you think you just sharted." Ok. It was me. I said it. I said "sharted".
Great collection of Developer Advocates here! Thanks for compiling!
Click bait crap... No one is making calzones to watch the #KCChiefs play in #SuperBowlLIV . It's either chili, BBQ, or a combination of both.
Yesss! 🥳🔥 Even though it's 6mo late, and more expensive than last summer, this is what we need. #MUFC
Don't let him fool you... He's enjoyed lots of ice cream, bacon, brisket, and coffee. He does, however, dance just like that every time I bring him his Jameson.
I'm here for this....
It's why I use 155 different platforms.
RT Have you missed us? We've missed you! We're kicking off 2020 with a great episode about common characteristics of #Dev…
RT FYI: Amazon automatically adjusts their pricing for products. I just noticed that 'People Powered' is discounted 32% right n…
#LeningradLindsay sold his soul to Trump. It's no coincidence that those who opposed him and now are his biggest backers/enablers seem to have Moscow ties, #MoscowMitch being one of the biggest. I'm just waiting for the shoe to drop on Rubio.
I've not had coffee in LA, but I've heard good things about Civil Coffee and Dinosaur Coffee. here in KC is great!
This is a solid coffee for sure.
This Kenya Gakuyu-ini from is awesome! They're not wrong on the black currant and rose tea notes.
Who? Where? Why? Using data to understand your audience #devrel
Only thing you're missing is a fez
Nice Matt Smith / Doctor Who vibe you got going on there
"Only the public gets to decide what's in the public interest, not the politician. It's 'We the people' not 'You the douche bag'." nailing the opening monologue tonight on
RT TONIGHT: Does the law apply to Donald Trump? Not according to his lawyer, Alan Dershowitz. #LSSC
And the squirrel... or the "Thanksgiving Dinner" (modified turkey)
Conversation with wife about Overlord Jargon... An "underling" is when someone else pays for them to work with you; a "minion" is when you pay them. Now you know.
I haven't seen that one... there's a nice list of some I haven't seen before I like the TIE Fighter and the Turkey, but my favourite is the Squirrel.
Randy Savage says it best.
Physics.....
Umm
Do it! #MakeSpaceForWomen
Magic...
Oh sure... Bring Michelle into it..
Just did it to my kids... Two busted into laughter they had to contain, the third (oldest) gave me a look while holding back a smile. #Winning
The snail's one of the best...
I kinda feel like his ice-cream-pooping-unicorn gif kinda invalidated his whole line of thought
Boom.
I 😆 Can't 😅 Stop 😂 Laughing 🤣 37mph winds. 😭
RT Manchester United is delighted to announce it has reached agreement with Sporting Clube de Portugal for the transfer of Bruno F…
Conference Organizers: You won't regret having as your keynote speaker
Good point...
This will certainly come in handy once I figure out how to use GitHub Actions
If I steal a car because I feel it will help me to have it more than the person who I stole it from, it's not a crime.
Gaaaahhhh
RT 📣 BIG NEWS: Introducing Gatsby Builds! Try it: ⚪Blazing fast build speeds! (10x faster for image-he…
Go #KCChiefs #ChiefsKingdom
That checks out
Hah! Just realised the terrible one was at the beginning. When I first saw this it started with the soap.
This was fantastic until the end...
Oh I love colourful foods... Out of the poop hole of a unicorn is not my preferred source.
RT OK, there are a few reasons you should listen to this discussion. Firstly, is awesome. Secondl…
Adam...
RT Everyone’s buying ads so I bought one too. Not on TV. In the #classy
So... It's ok to solicit foreign help to win an election by bribing them with Congressionally-approved support and obstructing the investigation into it. Got it.
RT Two days to go on the CFP for #kcdc2020. That’s just over 48 hours, people. It closes at 11:59pm CST (UTC–6) on Friday…
They're never crispy.. instead they're often soggy at best.
I'm ready for this. =)
And yet... we're still friends. Go figure. Do or agree with me on this like they do on kale?
FINALLY. Someone says it.
Gotcha. That makes sense. Any special tools you recommend for identifying their reach across data points?
RT My non-Canadian friends, today you will see lots of us Canadians sharing content tagged with #BellLetsTalk. It’s a year…
So here is a question... When we are talking about "Orbit Model Math" for developer segmentation, how are you identifying their "numbers" in order to hit the "Gravity = Love x Reach" number so you can segment them into their specific orbits?
Solid tribute from two class acts.
He sends hugs Auntie Em
Really love how this is coming together. Going to need to delve a bit deeper as I tackle some new challenges.
Now are you happy?
You were more interested in looking for crumbs and then went over to the big couch. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
I would. But I gotta get under first.
In the process of getting my blankets ready to chill on my chaise and #AlicetheBeagle jumps up and takes them, while avoiding my gaze.
Not ready for the last #TheGoodPlace episode
And bonus it will keep you warm
#ChiefsKingdom
Such excitement. Much form. So cool. Wow!
Oh I know... I was being a bit tongue in cheek given how long ago that ship sailed
I'm slowly getting better at Twitter search... but it's an effort in futility all itself
Good analysis thread of the Parnas video/audio... Used to think that audio showing Trump's true colours would erode any support for him... ┐( ˘_˘)┌
Finding the DevRel In You (Ep 44) #devrel #community
When world's collide
Hah - I read that as "Developer Advocates" and then I was like... "Hmm I wonder which of my DA friends in SF it could be?"
RT We are super happy to announce the official opening of the Call for proposals (CFP) at #ngVikings 2020 ❤️🚀 This time our…
Always used toxic...
RT "#OpenSource is more important than ever. It's an integral &amp; key part of all technologies. Supporting the OSI and founda…
This commercial is genius.
Paging ... Know anyone cheesecake places in Nashville for my good friend Leon?
You don't want to miss out on Amanda.
She's released them every year.
Memphis is a HUGE FedEx hub. Makes sense actually.
Matt Stratton everyone!! Thought leadership to the max. 🔥🎂
I'm ok with a few of those... but not necessarily on a hot dog. I did grow up having relish and mustard and ketchup on my hot dogs... so I get it.
Wait... Wait. You _don't_ put ketchup on a hot dog? What do you put it on then?
I feel preemptively attacked, especially given the tweet I have scheduled for 921a CT tomorrow....
Some good points for #devrel when considering conference sponsorship
I'm letting two domain names expire without renewing them. Why do I feel bad about this?
The Doctor did it with Rose I believe, and also with Donna.
The Doctor has always been able to mind-read... The manipulation is a bit varied from before though
DevRel Awards 2019 #devrel
I loved both of them, with Revolutions being _probably_ my favourite Matrix film.
#RIPMamba
This looks great! Did you look at implementing something like or , or at least social login options in order to simplify your signup, onboarding, and login? Look forward to giving it a go!
Well, spending the whole day talking about everything other than Trump will do that
Tell me again how impartial the Senate Republicans are...?
#ChiefsKingdom
Pierce Brown has written an awesome series in "Red Rising"... Check those out.
RT Auschwitz survivors walk through camp gates on 75th anniversary of liberation.
They are. It comes from his brain.
RT I was chatting to someone who is struggling with imposter syndrome. It is incredible how common this is across different age…
I guess we're impeaching Hunter Biden.
RT Good morning! Do you know what today is? It’s the last Monday that the #kcdc2020 CFP will be open. You have until *THI…
Top Stories from the Microsoft #DevOps Community – Azure DevOps Blog
And the Pope _isn't_ Catholic
And no, it wasn't taken out of context. I've been to these types of services in the distant past. She's lying.
This should do
How about both?
RT Community is fluid, it’s always changing, and it’s never homogenous. As you break it down, you realize every member is exp…
RT Happy Community Manager Appreciation Day! - To celebrate Community Manager Appreciation day, enjoy these gifs that perfectly s…
Thanks! I can't remember if it was or who gave me the idea to hang them on the wall from a DevRel Zoom call, or maybe it was someone else. Either way, I love being able to hold on to them (I'm missing one 😟 that got lost in a laptop swap out)
A few more and I'll be ready to get a new case/canvas and hang it on my wall with the others
Well, Harry would have wiped your tears with his Hogwarts scarf like he did for Doctor when she cried over Yoda's death
And then the Hobbitses ran away with Picard's wedding ring, thinking it was some talisman or something.
As always brings a great voice
For some good comic relief on this Monday, check this thread..
To my UK/Ireland friends.... please help my friend Matt out!
Thanks Amara. I too have used "co-marketing", but haven't figured out a better term yet.... ❓"co-devrel-ing" ❓"co-community-ing" The possibilities are endless!
RT I explored ways that our industry might manage change in our complex systems in the future. Spoiler: It’s really all abou…
[4/4] If these aren't happening, by omission or lack of support from above, you're severely limiting the reach of your #community &amp; run the very real risk of your community becoming one-dimensional, and it will eventually become stale &amp; ROI will be questioned often.
[3/4] Doing these things obviously raises awareness of your brand, but it also: - Shows those in both communities how your tech is not on an island - Can open doors that previously were not available, thus boosting your #community value - Sharpens your skills in building collab
[2/4] This involves things like: - Meetups where you both sponsor and speak on something where both tech is used together - Speaking at their #community conferences, and vice versa - Write shared content (blog posts, samples, tutorials, etc.) - Much, much more.
When building a dev #community &amp; you have partners in peripheral communities, it should be part of your plan to to collaborate, as both can benefit and it builds awareness. Going it alone instead of tapping other communities is irresponsible for you as a #CMgr in #DevRel. [1/4]
It's about k8s
To my #ksleg Senators / It is imperative that witnesses be called to testify, as in every Impeachment trial in the Senate before this, and that be one of those with the very firsthand knowledge the GOP continues to say they need.
#KobeBryantRIP
This stat should end the career of any goalkeeper... "(Tranmere Goalkeeper) Davies.... became the first opposition goalkeeper to concede to Phil Jones since March 2014" #manutd
Wow. No wonder they were rushing to judgement. What day was it that #MoscowMitch and the other GOP leadership rushed to the WH and met and discussed the Trump "strategy"?
RT Kobe was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act. To lose G…
If true, #RIPKobe
I have probably 20? Some are branded, others aren't. Shoot me a DM and I'll get them sent out.
Were you using YAML?
This is sound advice. Fantastic burgers.
How many DevOps engineers does it take to install k8s?
Doing it right then I see
Ahh makes sense. Well, if there's ever a time or place, you nailed it.
I always forget, and then will have a span where I remember. Rinse. Repeat.
Good choice!
That's awesome! I have my certificate somewhere from when I took the tour.
Living my best life through you
The complete lack of self-awareness of the Administration is mind-boggling...
The root cause is sick of my friends
Twitter dev rel renews focus on outreach #devrel
RT We, too, heard Kylo Ren was shredded and has an eight pack.
This #SNL opening monologue by #AdamDriver is one of the better ones this season, second only to Eddie Murphy.
This #SNL cold open with Dershowitz in hell with Epstein, Zuckerberg, Fran from Progressive, Mr Peanut, #MoscowMitch, the guy who wrote Baby Shark, and Kate McKinnon as the Devil is GOLD
RT Learn how to configure the Solace PubSub+ Connector for #kafka sink #solacedevs #apachekafka
. Orbs Offer Out-of-the-Box CI/CD Configuration
Ohhh this looks to be a great talk on #DevEx... Can't wait to see the slides posted. Make sure you check it out at #DevConf_CZ
It's hard drawing circles on poster board with a Sharpie.
Paging
He has the same birthday as you! That's so cool!
RT You have all made it happen. There is over 1 million people following 'I am deeply moved by the s…
Oh it's easily 100% hoping they don't remember
So with the context it does simplify things a bit. When dealing with volunteers, you never want to overtax them, but you also rely on them being honest with themselves, and you, on how they are doing with the "workload". Not always a given.
So I'll ask this question... How do we define "community member burnout"? A large part of me wonders if we aren't assuming a lot?
TMW you find the hat that gave you at #Scale17x and you thought was lost
One of the challenges is how you recognise burnout in your community members. There's a natural lifecycle ( attached) with some lowering contributions as their life changes, while others lose interest, and others get exasperated. Figuring out which is hard.
RT AMEN! “Community and customer programs should operate the exact same way, with centralized leadership, common org-wide goals,…
RT Got more deployment strategies than jokes? 😂 We're looking for you! #DevOpsDaysKC CFP is open. Share your thoughts on bet…
RT As we're getting ready to open up our registration for #DevOpsDaysKC 2024, here's a short recap 📽️ from our last event in…
Excellent! KC area representing!!
Yes... This. Will. Happen.
I'm looking forward to the Testing and Continuous Delivery Devroom at #FOSDEM, which will also be my first time at FOSDEM! I'm just a _wee_ bit excited! I'll be speaking on Sunday, so if you're there come check out the track! A lot of great talks!
Well now you're just telling me that you don't understand how sentences and things work. I'm out.
But your original post left it open to interpretation and of course I interpreted it that way. Why wouldn't I?
I generally like pecan pie, but you're telling me that because I like it and you don't, that means you don't like me?
RT 15 years of #DevOps - what a wild ride. But have we truly mastered the art of cooperation? Share your insights and experi…
I don't think I have ever seen a college basketball team travel more than UCF. They're straight up NBA-level moving feet however they want when they pickup their dribble.
I know there's _someone_ out there in #DevOps land that has something to say on this! The CFP is open!
Now wait just a minute. My bullshit comments rarely last that long.
What Marino said! This has always baffled me why I see DevRel's not doing this. It's the easiest way to refine the talk, get feedback, see what sticks, and submit it again somewhere else or come up with something new from it.
I mean, kids do get the best tasting meds, so that's a plus. Downside is that figuring out the formula to how much you should take vs. a kid means you're spending way more. But it tastes better and works as a mixer, so another check in the plus column.
RT If you don't invest to nurture the technical community you've built, your competitors will. And then it's no longer y…
RT To make it easy on everyone we created a small github repository containing the relevant runConfigurations! You can ju…
Uhhhh
I'm ready
Now I want a doner kebab
PSA: Impeachment is not a process to "overturn the results of the last election." It seems a lot of people need to hear that.
RT Thread time! Meet Mary Burchell, one of the most successful romance writers EVER. Over 110 Mills &amp; Boons to her name. Got an…
Glad you're safe and it was nothing serious.
RT This is happening! Want to learn about how #DevRel supports all aspects of an open source community? Come to the Student Cl…
RT
Happy Birthday to a genuinely amazing human, and one I am happy to call Friend,
Just watched "Inception" through the eyes of my 16yo who hadn't seen it yet. Such an amazing movie, and one of my all-time favourites.
That was my take as well 🤣
I personally have had great success with on-time flights, but I feel that might have something to do with locations flying in and out of.
You remedy that post haste
RT Slides from my talk “The Psychology of Chaos Engineering” from are online here
Nail on the head...
Some good things this season I think
RT There's still time to register for my Workshop at conference next week! Hope to see…
Dude... I'm like weeks behind... My apologies. An airplane and parachute were involved though.
Catching up on #vikingsseason6 and dang... Lagertha is dead.
RT Chief Community Officer isn't a common title but I dream it will be someday. Check out how I think it can become a reality:…
Seems the only way forward is to draw a smiley face.
Those were the best. The shared airbnb's, the late night Turkish kebab runs...
RT The Grand Unifying Theory of #DevRel: argues that we need to be more intentional in the models we use to think abou…
It was the best I honestly have had in a long time
Truer words have not been spoken
If they fear this... are they that dull to realise this is obstruction, one of the Articles already in play, and thus making the very case for conviction?
Can't wait for this! Please let me know when and where!
#ChiefsKingdom getting ready!
TK is an awesome person and a long time friend.
/me subscribes Ben to newsletters so his email doesn't miss out
They've gotten better and better that's for sure. And at LGA no less
And it be a talk entirely comprised of autocorrect takes
That's a cake to end all cakes!
The Senators from my state of Kansas ( and ) will vote with Trump like they have from the beginning, and will continue the coverup.
A lot of FOMO as I'm not at #DevConf_CZ this year, missing out on giving the talk on Pillars of Support in #DevRel with and , and growing my collection of headshots. #NextYear
I took the best that was presented to me.
The Sky Club at #LGA is on point for breakfast... Eggs, raisin toast, strawberry yogurt, strawberries and raspberries and blueberries for topping.
I'll make you famous
20 seconds closer than 2 years ago... Oddly fitting given where we stand now.
"If right doesn't matter, we are lost."
RT 🇨🇦😎 Looking forward to speaking at DevOps Days Toronto! They always run a great event so if you haven't already, you…
Come on Twitter
RT Next week I’m in Kansas City launching KC sponsored by and Bentonville! If you want to hang out hit me…
RT Help Defining 13 of the AsyncAPI Protocol Bindings -
RT Recommended Read: 25 Questions that Will Help You Know Your Teammates Better — via /r/devopsish
Great! So he'll testify under oath? Oh, not what you meant? Also, you're using "partisan charade" correctly, just not in the way you intended
I was able to get basic answers, but for anything harder I had to call in. I've stopped using as a result.
RT This week's (first) friendly reminder: The #kcdc2020 CFP closes next Friday. There is still time to submit your sessio…
I need to get on that.
RT "Considerations for Developers Building Event-Driven Microservices " by #DEVcommunity
Gosh I do miss those days.
Yess! Those were the days! While at Sprint I altered the Windows 2000 theme of a coworker to be Barbie themed with colours, wallpaper, and system event sounds. He couldn't figure out how to fix it, and 6mo later it was still there until he finally opened a support ticket.
Normally I would agree... A bit unsure on this coworker 😜
Coworkers that leave their desk and don't lock their computers are asking for me to prank them.
Chief Justice Roberts needs to take a stand here. The rules are clear, and they're flipping their finger at them. A disgrace.
🤔
Easy. Very easy actually.
You better save a few for me!
From start-up to enterprise #devrel
Twitter API: the story of a new beginning #devrel
Such a fantastic movie
Holographic stickers!
Saw it with the family over Thanksgiving break... Loved it.
RT twitter is just pub-sub with outrage
Great forecast on the ever-important tech sticker movement for 2020 by
You'll have a puzzle when you arrive back in SF
Blocking time out on my calendar 🤩
I'm crying. You will too.
Oh yes.
Long thread, but hilarious following along on their first viewing of #ThePrincessBride
The grand unifying dev rel theory #devrel
I'm here for this.
Love meeting up with my former Auth0 coworkers... #devrel
RT In open organizations, fostering passionate communities can increase collaboration, accelerate problem solving, and lead t…
. wrote up about what she's been doing at Slack for this
So... In this day and age, and completely in line with the Idiocracy documentary we are living in, the Space Farce, err puts in that their following, RTs and likes are not equal to endorsement... Really?
This is #brilliant
Yeah, the one in the top left is just an eye...
RT Here's some tips (and a link to the repo guidelines) for making your GitHub repo a welcoming place when developers…
RT Wow, “It Doesn’t Have to Be Crazy at Work” for Kindle is currently just $1.99. That’s 93% off. Not sure how long it’ll last…
If Democrats had tried this with Clinton, imagine the outrage from the GOP. The hypocrisy continues to grow, with no shame.
What.. do birds annoy you? 😅😆
Me too.
Kim.
Like the app needs localised statements
This app ( ) has a different take which asks a very profound question
It's WTForecast from
Not sure I like this app's attitude... It's 🇨🇦 and I'm 🥶... And I'm glad I don't live here
At this point.. I'll take it!
/me starts planning for #SIGNALConf
They're auditioning for Space Force
You can use , which has an app and a chrome extension which will auto display bots on desktop. This specific account doesn't appear to be one though.
RT It took us over 5 years to reach to the first 50,000 followers. We hope that within the next week, for #Auschwitz75, w…
Living your best, adulting life
Great thread on the importance of #DevRel and #Community work/activities
RT What if #DevRelCon London 2020 was actually DevRelCon Edinburgh?
#blameBlaine
Growing up where "fair and balanced" was the reason for Fox News starting, and not "for truth" makes perfect sense where we are today.
Yes. So much yes.
A great set of speakers! Don't miss out on early bird prices!
RT SUPER BOWL BOUND FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 5️⃣0️⃣ YEARS!
RT WE'RE GOING TO MIAMI!
#KCChiefs going to the Super Bowl baby! #ChiefsKingdom
I usually get "exasperating" (ahem ) so I'll take it! 😜
Yep. Love the book. I think it is possible to change direction, and those pieces are requirements to do so, but it's not always so "simple"
Right people, on the right bus, in the right seats, going in the right direction.
In all my years of watching #KCChiefs football, I can honestly say I've never been as invested in a game as last week. That win last week, going down 24-0 and then outscoring Houston 51-7 the rest of the way, was unbelievable. Go get this AFC Championship and the Super Bowl!
Who would have guessed it? 😜 (/me gives Matt a 🤗)
Dogs. The best!
Anything about hairy feet?
Kansas City BBQ. The best.
Good to see! does this also as it's also on the Chromium mainline, and makes the switch much easier for people.
Self-identification is so helpful.
A little gassy and already ready to be done traveling today. Thanks for asking.
Emoji knows. It always knows.
I really feel like I've missed out on getting my picture taken with #LevParnas.
Use the first 12 emojis in your history to foretell your 2020. No cheating! Jan 😜 Feb 🤩 Mar 😄 Apr 😅 May 🔥 Jun 💥 Jul 😟 Aug 😁 Sep 🤣 Oct 😂 Nov ✨ Dec 🍺
I always tell my wife "I'll be traveling soon, this suitcase can sit on the floor of our bedroom." If I look away quick enough, I avoid the stare.
Two questions: 1- are her eyes open or closed? 2- "Again!"?
"Viewed as fair" is different than "is fair"
Flying into 20cm of snow in Ottawa today. The outlook for the rest of the week actually doesn't look half bad. ＼(°o°)／
Meanwhile, I've decided to go to Canada (last year and now this year) at the height of the winter half year.
Same. At this point of ridiculousness, I half expected them to be taken from Spaceballs.
First trip of the year to the corporate offices. To the land of the ice and snow. Frozen Canada. I don't like cold. Good start to the year.
Best. Celebration. Ever.
"The Naked Gun 2 1/2" is on tap for tonight's #FamilyMovieNight
Paranoid about government radio waves?
RT You got 99 problems and DevRel is 100 of them? Come hang out with the founders and let’s workshop your most pre…
Just watched this scene from #BadBoys2 with my 14yo daughter... She laughed, and said I couldn't pull it off. #ChallengeAccepted
I live in Kansas City. This is mind-boggling. I would bet money that the people listening don't know that the broadcaster had to register as a foreign agent (OF RUSSIA FFS) under US law. #KCXL is broadcasting Russian propaganda.
They also have integrated with Stackbit to allow for auto-linking on your Gatsby website of your posts, and allow for great canonical link back to original content
Now I'm jealous.
Much less justify the reason for the force's existence
Sharing a birthday with ? You're in the best company!
Of course...
Was total tongue-in-cheek... And it always makes me chuckle at how well it worked.
And you would be correct on both. I too have seen these and it's utter bullshite
For a second there I thought it was the grandpa from UP having a seizure
Great advice. I have done this many times, and forget to do the banana bread.
OMG it's birthday?
So I had a fit of inspiration recently, and decided to illustrate what #DevOps is NOT by telling a story of 20yo me. "DevOps before there was DevOps, 20yr old style" #DEVcommunity
I did the same but in reverse... Thought it was '1' bunch, and got '1' banana.
Mmmm
I feel this so hard.
#DevRel hack +9000
Explains his need to get the team sold this year.
They couldn't ask for a better person to learn from.
RT 20 Tips For Developers In 2020! Listen to the episode here 👉
I submit that no effort was made. Where's the proof?
RT Gave a talk at about how to create a more diverse and inclusive hiring process from job postings to in-pe…
I can totally attest to this sentiment.
Help, I’m taking over an award-winning developer programme! #devrel
You have them ordered in my Top 3. I need to find this quirky store in Wichita!
RT Christopher Tolkien has died at the age of 95. The Tolkien Society sends its deepest condolences to Baillie, Simon, Ada…
RT Get the tips and tricks on the recommended #Kubernetes and #helm charts setup with Solace PubSub+.
Agree with Ken here... great talk from #DevOpsDaysCHI
I say do it.
So important when you're sorting out community-run events
The oath is: "I solemnly swear that in all things appertaining to the trial of the impeachment of Donald J. Trump, now pending, I will do impartial justice according to the Constitution and laws: So help me God." Let's see how many honor it, and treat this as a proper trial.
RT I just published my first public browser extension! 😁 It makes it easier to use – an awesome tool for people lea…
Did you try the other ear?
RT It's 2020 and your new year's goal is to get your website on HTTPS. With the help of #Certbot, we've got you covere…
Embarrass your kids. That's it. That's the tweet.
Four types of developer community #devrel
Narrator: At last check, the kitchen sink was left out of grandpa's unhinged rant
RT What makes a good technical blog post? 💭 Expressional, like if you were explaining concepts to your friends over coffee ☕️…
RT ⚖️ From engineer to community manager to engineer to community manager ☎️ A support staff getting crushed by calls unt…
This looks like it was a good talk.... Any recording or slides?
This was a great talk Alex, and gave some great, practical steps to be more inclusive and diverse instead of the token statement of wanting to be.
And when you read it as "be-live" it adds an air of sophistication to your tweet, which is likely an improvement?
RT We are excited to be sponsoring a new learning opportunity for the KC #DeveloperCommunity. The great is bringing her "…
BOOM! This is golden, and an awesome resource for any developer! Great work !!!! RT for reach!
RT hey awesome people! I'm looking for a freelance web dev who is familiar with the Evernote API (or is a quick learner) and c…
I run these with my team, and have for awhile. They are so helpful, when done correctly as _their_ space, to know what's going on and get ahead of any issues impact their work, and yours. David has some great pointers in this thread.
RT New: Amb Marie Yovanovitch calls for investigation after evidence reveals GOP congressional candidate &amp; Giuliani associate…
You gotta ask before you "pet the koala". Ok. I'm done.
Other than that chlamydia thing, they're adorable!
RT If you’ve been missing your weekly round-up of #DevRel content for the last few weeks, have no fear... we’re back! Let’s…
RT Just launched the browser extension on Product Hunt 😊🎏
RT Can a woman beat Donald Trump? Look at the men on the #DemDebate stage tonight. Collectively, they have lost ten elections. Th…
But what about Kobac😀😃😄😁😆😅😂🤣😭 Dang it.. I almost got through that without losing it
Old school rule our dads followed. Mine alternated through a white tank top and a regular white t-shirt, depending on the shirt.
Ahh, it's ok! And thank you. It's a really good thing ultimately, just annoyance of the diet plan - though I have lost almost 20 pounds since the surgery.
Show off
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
So true. So true.
I will take you up on that, if only to warm up in this upcoming bitter cold
Addendum: Wife says we will take the chili. Unclear on if I will actually get any.
I grew up on these streets!
There's at least one here in KC, and with the 6+ inches of snow we've already gotten with more on the way, I can't wait to see pics around town of these asshats
If it's accurate that this piece of shit weighs over 4T (Car and Driver says 4-5T), then add that to the list of problems.
Yup, and I'm able to add them now so I'm making something tonight 😂.
You got something to present or talk about at #cdcon 2024 at #ossummit? Get on it because you only have until 11:59PM PST on January 14, 2024!!
Sounds delicious. I still can't do spicy and hot yet (this hernia had been the reason why I've had to be really selective on how spicy I can go), but will be doing some chicken (can't do red meat yet) chili and other things to slowly work my way back.
RT ⛴️ 6 days left to submit your talk for #cdCon 2024!
So I've been cleared to move towards more solid foods, in smaller portions, for the next 2 weeks, and then pretty much whatever. 💪🎊 So the first thing I did after the follow-up this morning was get an oat milk latte. What I had that wasn't spilled on me was delicious 😩😒
💪
Congratulations Katy!
Oh god.. my 1990s and early 2000s were shaped by the horrors of that product...
He has to know everything he is saying and doing is a lie. He has to, right?
Some great tips and insights for #remotework that definitely make a difference
Gonna go out on a limb here and say that they are fine with Trump saying and doing all sorts of vile and revolting things however... "One Million Moms starts petition against 'irresponsible and tasteless' Burger King ad"
Pretty spot on assessment of the GOP #TrumpImpeachment
I'm here for that take...
Then who's the kid represent in this?
"Docker for Local Development" by #DEVcommunity
I love when the redirect notice pops up.... and then never loads the meeting, requiring you to click the link. I've lost count the number of times I have sat there thinking it was loading - and was 5 minutes late to the meeting.
Yep. And I get that a lot of people will put fake information, but then the impression and example they set I feel can encourage others to just do it without thinking of the implications
Well, now you're just broadening your audience.
Exactly... That makes it kinda like a game. The one you hate playing with your family on holidays.
For now....
This. Boggles my mind that people put personal info in. Now of course a lot of people might be putting in take info, but still...
Happy Birthday to the great #DaveGrohl !! He is one of the greatest, and will be a rock god forever.
Well, I'm sure that will check a few boxes on BART Bingo
RT Hey Seattle Friends! is looking for a few volunteers! You can get in the conference for FREE!!! DM me if…
I mean.. did he use hand sanitizer afterwards?
And it's a bad tunnel since it's BART
Good times that..
Imagine being that 17yo kid and finding a planet on the third day of your internship... Like where do you go from there?
"I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!"
Go join a great team at PagerDuty!!
"The Senate has conducted 15 impeachment trials. It heard witnesses in every one."
I've been to #Auschwitz 3x, and will be there again with my daughter in a month for her first time. Every time it has wrecked me, but I haven't been back in 8 years and I know having my daughter with me will make this all the more real. Follow this account for #Auschwitz75 and RT
Look forward to seeing what you have to say about my Senator,
Some really great advice, and something I find myself doing more often than not.
Glad to hear you made it through the night, and are headed to work!
"Gatsby Sparks Joy" by #DEVcommunity
RT We run Oak, our CT log, to make the certificate authority ecosystem and thus Web security, better!
When you have to lie about things that don't matter... It was 60F and clear today.
Dude so sorry to hear this is happening! Be safe!
Now I understand the comfort food
KC sports ball teams seem to have Houston team's numbers...
DM inbound with my address to send those to. Thanks for cooking.
I feel attacked.
I can't say that I've seen many games like it. Amazing.
RT WE'RE HOSTING THE AFC CHAMPIONSHIP GAME NEXT WEEK!
After the miscues, which gave the Titans a 24-0, the Chiefs scored 41 straight (21 in 3min) and never looked back.
RT “So hear me out...we let them score 24 points, and then we’ll start trying. It’ll be hilarious.”
From that ridiculous fake punt attempt by the Texans, the Chiefs went on to outscore them 44-7. #KCChiefs #KCvsHOU
. is all of #ChiefsKingdom with this #StoneColdSteveAustin celebration! #KCChiefs #KCvsHOU
RT This was two hours ago. I was a different man then. I’ve regained proper perspective. Football is very important. #ChiefsK…
RT So disappointed that #MarkZuckerberg values profit more than truthfulness that I've decided to delete my accou…
I recently had a bag of stickers in my carry-on bag... TSA asks if I had a pile of rocks in the bag, and looked at disbelief when I told him he was going to find a bag of stickers.
RT That was a WILD half
RT MOOD.
21 points in 3min. Go Chiefs!
That attempted fake punt by the Texans up 17pts may end up being the turning point #HOUvsKC
Never been to Iceland. I expect a live tweetstorm.
Moral of that story....
Moral of the story? Never leave.
I've interviewed at companies in the past that had everything vested on day 1. It's very rare though.
Let's go Chiefs!
OH: " sticks his tongue out when he throws like I do when I put my contacts in. I'm just like Patrick Mahomes."
RT We always believe. 🟥🟨🟥🟨 Let's goooo,
RT "Defense Secretary says President Trump lied to the American people about reasons for Soleimani strike" should be a very b…
Wait... You have chickens? Y U NO TELL ME?
RT NEWS: tells he "didn't see" specific evidence showing Iran planned to strike 4 U.S. embassies, de…
RT wombats are rising up my favorite animal list, quickly
But rampant Nazi's and racist content is fine? Got it...
RT Last night on Fox News, President Trump said that Saudi Arabia deposited $1 billion in a bank account in exchange for assist…
But what about "while in bed" added on to the search term?
I see the brilliance in this actually
I love late night Amazon browsing.
Wait... Refried beans in breakfast burritos? The local grocer out of black beans?
This is a poor idea, and one that was only natural at this point given the trajectory of useless meetings.
I'm scrappy and can blow things up. Whether or not they are the right thing... ¯\(°_o)/¯
Yes, it was in honour of you. Many songs were sung, and drinks were drunk.
I love PowerPoint Karaoke... Last time was at DevConfCZ last year, and was 6 slides, 10sec apart. If I can figure out going, I would be in.
Maybe too much "crystal"?
What's left out is that they were manually emptied before stacking 😆🍺
Yesssss......
When did that "e" get in there?
RT DevRelCon SF 2020 is excited to announce as a keynote speaker! and many more to come ... CFP closes in a few…
Wow. 🤓🤩
So probably not _exactly_ what you're looking for, when I was at Auth0 they had a really good Guest Author program which encourage you to write about pretty much whatever and they would compensate.... Here's the current program as it stands now
RT WE DID IT!!! v3.1's Schema Object will now be proper JSON Schema. Amazing work everyone. This took about a y…
RT "Setting up a REST Delivery Point for SOAP Endpoints" by Ushnash (Ush) shukla #DEVcommunity
That's why we hoard cords
I'm going to be pushing you up that ladder.
That does check out
I feel this. So much. A little bit of me dies every time I throw a cord away.
Kindness is as kindness does...
"You corkscrew your first eyeball, and you think... 'I can't believe they're paying me to do this!'" #TheGoodPlace
How many books are in this series?
What is this amazingness and why am I totally in the dark?
Dr. Seuss's "The Sneetches"
You said maybe they locked the account because of shooting down a plane (actions outside of Twitter). I went with that and said that maybe they did, but Trump gets away with actual violations of Twitter rules. Daily.
In which I neither said, nor inferred, anything of the sort. ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
Most definitely.
And yet Trump threatens nuclear war, war crimes, and attacks on individuals, the media, and people groups... And they do nothing. 乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ #capitalism
Sounds like you just signed yourself up
Primarily in the US but can travel whenever and wherever needed
More and more companies need to recognise this... It's been my experience that companies who aren't open to #remotework tend to have micromanagers who can't get out of their own way, and you wouldn't want to work there anyways.
Love it when community members get involved and take that next step to sharing what they've been working on! #community
Tech Twitter: I have a friend who has been very active in #opensource, #iot, &amp; #devrel for 15+ years &amp; is looking for a new challenge. If you're aware of a job posting at a company doing these things, please reply with info, or DM me if you would prefer. Please RT for reach.
I asked you FIRST! You're deflecting.
How many did you order?
#sniff
#freedom
That looks amazing and awesome....
LOL. Well, having been to the UK over a dozen times in the last ~6 years; having worked with many Brits; having many friends who live, and have moved, there... I get it. #MakeAmericaGreatBritainAgain
Sure! 👍
This. This is why I'm done with Medium.
Um... heck no. I didn't even read any though I did visit the site... which means you're counting a simple open up of an article as a read. No thank you. This is why people are leaving.
That was then....
RT We are one week into the new decade. And if you made a new year's resolution to present at #kcdc2020, then you're slowl…
Don't miss out... Kaustav is a great advocate for developers and you would be lucky to work with him!
RT Are you in #Toronto at #MSIgniteTheTour? Ask us how Solace #PubSub+ extends and enhances Cloud at booth #406!
Another great talk from #monktoberfest! was fantastic and she's a Midwesterner, so there's that.
Many much Moosen. We actually call the plural of "Meiss", "Meissen" which he actually says in that bit!
Literally said this same thing to my wife last night.
And English has the: "I" before "E" except after "C" and when sounding like "A" as in neighbor and weigh, and on weekends and holidays and all throughout May, and YOU'LL ALWAYS BE WRONG NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY!!!! -
It's a calculus problem that my 9th grader had to explain (I haven't done advanced math in 25yrs)... IIRC, the f represents a function, x is rate of change, and the formula shows effort needed to change daily. I think? I'll have to ask again 😜🤓
We've gone there as a Boy Scout troop the last 5+ years, and it's always a big hit. My youngest can't wait to go again.
Is it in any particular design?
Is it true that Corey barbeque's meat with indirect heat from the nearest server farm?
More than one goose on the ground is called a gaggle... What is more than one cloud service deployed at once called?
And you're more a nemesis than me... Challenge accepted.
That moment when you realise your kids might be smarter than you... My daughter handed me this and said "I was going to ask for help, but I figured it out." I'm glad she did... Because my eyes glazed over.
Nailed it.
If wishes were fishes, we'd have an aquarium
I was delighted then, as I am now, as I watch the majesty and grace that is a _goalie_ in lacrosse prance up the pitch and score a beautiful goal.
RT Social justice is LOVE applied to systems, policies and cultures.
I do the same after I accidentally drop the kale on the floor. And by the floor I mean off a bridge.
RT So, #DevRel, #Community, #Marketing folks ... Are there #swag vendors (or even just *one* vendor) out there who you ADMIRE…
I wanted to elope, video _that_ ceremony, and then show it during a "ceremony" and then kick everyone out and start the party. I was overruled.
It's my new speaker attire, guaranteed to skew my DevRel metrics around attendees to my talk 😆
RT Just because you have two left feet, doesn't mean your #microservices do. 🕺 Get your microservices to dance by learning…
So much winning, that I'm tired of all the winning.
Yoder
Thread is gold right here 👇
Get a new cup... That one likely has a hole in it
Getting them to wear them isn't the problem... It's taking them off and putting new ones on that is.
RT If the goal of the community is ticket/call deflection, the community must be positioned above the area where members f…
RT If an open source developer isn't building the software you want them to build, that's okay, they don't have to.
Hope you feel better mate! And good luck on the first day!
The simple answer is because those who make money from wars (contractors, defense industry, etc.) are the ones who spend the most to get into the pockets and influence the policy of those in power to start wars, and often are/have been the same.
Ahh those were the days for sure. #nostalgia
But they can... Evolution?
Quite honestly they abandoned us long before this year, sadly
Just need 4 to force a lawful Senate trial
This is great news, but it's like me saying I will accept the Ambassadorship to Ireland if they ask. It ain't ever going to happen.
And not to mention the giant Petri dishes they are, bringing all sorts of viruses and sickness into the home. Sorry for hijacking the thread
The fine folks at published a great list of zsh resources that might kickstart things for you
Same - and while we love our kids, my wife would go through 8 months of sickness 24/7, losing weight while pregnant and we knew #3 was our last. It wasn't worth it to have her body take such a toll.
Hah - we're cut from the same cloth it would seem. I didn't take my medication either, and a couple 100k people in KC heard about it because a local radio station called me before _and_ after, to which I related some of the process and they hung up at some point.
Did that over 12 years ago instead of my wife getting her tubes tied - and have not regretted it once. Even drove home from it. 😌
That's the only thing that would make it ok.
Great advice!
Excuse me, what? 3 crackers is a serving size?
RT This is your buffered reminder to submit to the #DevOpsDays Seattle #CFP. This reminder has been brought to you by the lette…
RT Netlify Billing Request: Extra Bandwidth Allowances · Jamie Tanna | Software (Quality) Engineer ⁦
So... I guess it's back to work then? (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
_Everyone_ would have shared the raft. Rose was selfish.
"Women, vote in your own self-interest. It's what men have been doing for years, and why the world looks so much like them." -Michelle Wiliams at #goldenglobes2020
And for the right thing... Family.
A reminder seems to be in order for those in the back, who seem impervious to reality... The American people are paying Trump (not the government) to go golfing. He's making millions off of the Presidency. Grifter gonna grift.
New friends and #AliceTheBeagle are becoming more accustomed to each other, and Alice is learning boundaries (miracle of miracles for sure!).
Did Bruno go to the neighbor's and get videoed ?
RT There is one thread that runs through every part of Trump’s life and presidency: Laws are for other people to follow.
RT The President stands by his threat to commit war crimes.
RT He's aiming to be the first U.S. President both impeached and extradited to the Hague.
RT I see a lot about "learning in public," and I'm absolutely brand new to #devrel, so maybe one of you seasoned vets can s…
Have those meetings in a more regular cadence as a way for you to be a funnel of info to/from the developer and support/product/sales engineering/marketing/etc
I would also make sure to setup "Get to Know You" 30min meetings with all stakeholders in the company, and explore those relationships and how you can help them be successful.
To start with, I wish back in the day I had some of these tips from given at #devrelcon this year
Not only do they dance, they also sing!
Same thing they said when American's died as a result of lies about WMD in Iraq. "&lt;crickets&gt;"
MRW I realise today is my last day of vacation before heading back to work
RT Bring it.
Tagging
RT Is it easy to follow No. In fact, it's one of the most heartbreaking, harrowing accounts on #Twitter.…
A true sage spouting wisdom for the ages.
RT The Atlantic cites Don Goodman-Wilson talking about the Paradox of Tolerance
Please.....
Also can't be necessarily wrong either...
From a well-respected, well-connected journalist... This information matters.
"When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die." -Jean-Paul Sartre
Then you're a cultured, scary mo-fo?
Which rating is this? 😆🤩
A great #Java community conference is coming to Dallas in September, and if you have a talk that interacts with Java or the ecosystem, you should definitely submit to the CFP!
And yet the mobile app handles sessions correctly. (⁠/⁠¯⁠◡⁠ ⁠‿⁠ ⁠◡⁠)⁠/⁠¯⁠ ⁠~⁠ ⁠┻⁠━⁠┻
Thank you Tim
Hey it would be nice if you didn't ask me _every single time_ I login (including when my session expires after a short time) to 2FA with a text or email address. Every. Single. Time.
Yeah, thanks Jorge! We'll have to connect soon
You should have before, but no better time than now
RT this is a great initiative by
Actually, no. I have quite a few on the agenda over the coming months, and I can bring napkins
Hey thanks Alex! I would say there will be something about it where DevRel will have a fit, but that will be soothing that gets ironed out in the coming months.
Oh yes, kick it off we are doing! LFG!
Oh thanks Meg!
🎉After 5mo, I’m excited to embark on a journey as a co-founder in a stealth startup with a respected dev leader, ⭐️🔥 Over the next few months, as we work to prove this out, we’ll probably be reaching out to a few of you to get your thoughts, so get ready!
RT Imagine having the opportunity to condemn Hitleresque rhetoric and just… not.
RT bass pro shop guy’s wife speaks out
Oh! I've not seen PREY yet, and I don't think I knew it was part of the universe. Gonna have to watch it! I too have watched all (but PREY) and am a huge fan.
Paxton had the uncanny ability to show up in films and have that one great scene and then kinda disappear from the movie, so much so that you end up going, "Oh, I forgot he was in this" time and time again
The last month or so I've been binging some TV shows that I've neglected, like (fucking loved it) and (actually much better than I had heard), and now I'm onto Rise of the Beasts
To name a few...
Completely agree! Have been able to take our kid's a few times, and it's just amazing.
I wish! Only been able to go to a handful of games over the years
One of the best basketball games I've seen...
Movie 3 is happening, and we are substituting "The Three Amigos" with "Airplane!" and there are so many things I don't remember about this movie... Seeing it a whole new way! #FamilyMovieNight
RT I don’t care where you are politically: the president of the United States needs to pack up his golf clubs and return to t…
That really sucks! How long is he hampered?
Oh noes! What happened?
Movie 2 is in the books.
"You! You are still dangerous. You can be my wingman any time." "Bullshit! You can be mine." #FamilyMovieNight
"What are you doing? You're slowing down, you're slowing down!" "I'm bringing him in closer..." "You're gonna do WHAT?" #FamilyMovieNight
"You'll get your RIO when you get to the ship. And if you don't......give me a call. I'll fly with you."
"You're not going to be happy unless you're going Mach 2 with your hair on fire."
"Eh, lieutenant, what were you doing there?" "Communicating. Keeping up foreign relations. You know, giving him the bird?" "You know, the finger!" "Yes, I know the finger, Goose." "Sorry. I hate when it does that." #FamilyMovieNight
"Son, your ego is writing checks your body can't cash." #FamilyMovieNight
First time I've seen it in _years_, and I recognise how much it's shaped me. 🤩
Movie 1 is in the books. Oldest said "There's no way someone could survive being that stupid!" He's not on Twitter.
"So you're saying there's a chance!"
"Pullover!" "No, it's a cardigan, but thanks for noticing!" #FamilyMovieNight
"We got no food, we got no jobs... our PET'S HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!" #FamilyMovieNight
Once again, there's a tweet for everything. #WagTheDog
Same. Worked out well.
"I did not throw a match on that pile of dry brush to start a fire. Instead I did it to stop a fire." #WagTheDog
#WagTheDog breeds #WagTheDog2020
You put a Coke Zero / Diet Coke, or Diet Dr. Pepper in front of me and I have little, to no, self-control
Or conferences need to happen at spades tournaments
RT If you treat your community like a noticeboard, don't be surprised when members ignore your community like a noticeboar…
RT The President who has spent three years attacking our intelligence community, our military leaders, and our allies, certa…
Then we shall play sometime! Don't get to play nearly enough as I want to.
Love that hand &amp; love spades. Used to play until 6a with my buddies. I've gone blind nil on successive hands that should have been 4-6 books, and got them both &amp; brought my partner and I back to win. I have also been banned by certain friends from going blind nil. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
So in 1998, as Clinton's impeachment proceedings were kicking off, he bombs Sudan, news cycle is redirected. Fast forward to 2020, as Trump's impeachment looms, he bombs Iranian targets and ratchets up talk of war with Iran, news cycle is redirected. #WagTheDog
Red and Red 2 are two great movies. Don't @ me.
Right. This was not it. At all.
Um. I have questions. Mainly, "Why? Why is that your question?"
Odd mix of feet, soap, and burnt bundt cake... In a bottle.
RT If you're goal is to learn how to code in 2020, here's a thread of advice for you 👇🏻
That stuff is good, but this here is insanely spicy.
Their Ginger Beer is top notch, and I love it. This, not so much. At all.
Yes. It was disgusting. -10/10, would not try again. Ever.
Bleh, blech, and feet.
Excuse me while I toss this as far away from me as I can
I have a few more days
"The Comprehensive Guide to Speaking at Technology Conferences in 2020" via
A There's some for you
Don't rule out the exorcist just yet. It's good to keep one on retainer.
I didn't say how good it is... (It's delicious btw, thanks for asking!)
Great thread to kick off 2020!
If you've been following along...
I didn't know it was your birthday! Happy Birthday!
After 5hrs in the smoker, the brisket has entered the oven to finish and then will rest for 2hrs. Brisket and eggs for breakfast!
RT I made a video to celebrate the new year of amazing things happening on Earth - An Astronaut's Guide to Optimism 2020. I…
RT YO, Yoda! I may have become crotchety &amp; mean, but I still say... IT'S JUST A FRICKIN' STICK! #RadLipReading
So sorry to hear this! Hope you heal up soon!
Buck the trend... Go full Sith.
Heck no on the pork butt... That's a prime cut beef brisket flat. Using a special rub of my own making.
This 8lb beauty is going in the smoker here in a few hours
I was informed that our movie day is Friday this year... Your Kahlua plan sounds perfect.
A great rundown of the evolution of DevOps since Y2K... Brings back memories
Happy New Year!
Choices to be made
RT so great that a parishioner shot the church shooter but what if — stay with me here — what if we lived in a society wh…
Watching from afar (we need to find ourselves at a conference/event sometime in 2020), I am so glad to see the steps you've taken &amp; how things have progressed for you, even with all of these shitty setbacks. Props to the therapy &amp; taking necessary steps! Here's to a better 2020!
Can't say I'm not surprised... Will be very interesting to see how they implement this, and what level of community support they get.
Narrator (cracking knees and checking for likes on Instagram post): On point.
RT 8 must-read DevOps articles for success in 2020. looks at the people, process, and tools:
RT Thanks to all the communities we were are part of in 2019 and all the great folks we met this year! Looking forward to an…
As a family, for the last 6 years or so, we have "New Year's Movie Day", where every Jan 1 we watch 3 movies: "The Three Amigos", then one stupid/funny movie &amp; one action/drama movie they've not seen. This year... it's: - The Three Amigos - Top Gun - Dumb and Dumber
RT Biggest political story of the decade is not Trump or impeachment, but GOP’s willingness to destroy the rule of law for po…
This is the content I'm here for. I subscribe to your newsletter.
"Snip snap! Snip snap! Snip snap! You have no idea the physical toll, that three vasectomies have on a person."
Proof or it didn't happen 🤩
Now that sounds delightful...
They aren't even good for cooking. Honey crisp and Fuji for pie and apple crisp, and pink lady and honey crisp for smoking.
Sir, this is a Dairy Queen.
I think the descriptive modifier there was unnecessary... That's just a normal cat look.
Haven't started Season 2 yet, but we all loved Season 1
Isn't "burn the shit out of my mouth" a feature?
RT Hey friends! I'm about 5ish articles short for a full JavaScript January. Do you or someone you know want to write up an…
This seems to work well....
RT On Christmas Eve, unusually warm weather melted the most ice across the continent of Antarctica in a single day out of any…
Only two... The other one is for my desktop / PS3 that I haven't hooked up yet.
Going to start the New Year off right, with a clean desk and a repositioned (clean) office!
Default to open, unless absolutely necessary
Solid advice
RT Shout out to Tom from MySpace. Homie cashed his check, and bounced. He never tried to influence elections, be an advocate…
RT The most satisfying part of finally solving a coding issue is getting the close the 40 tabs you opened while researching the iss…
#KaleTastesLikeADreamDeferred is the most truthful hashtag in a world of hashtags
Daughter: "Almond milk and soy milk are pretty much the same thing." Me: "You do know they are _literally_ different plants, right?" Daughter: "I know Dad, I'm being a tool." Me:
I would so totally put a shark fin on my head and swim around
Malteasers. Hands down.
Happy Birthday 🎂🎂🎂🎂!
Go big or go home
Sonia.
Don't forget about buttercream frosting
Both, really. 😆😅
Dexterity is very handy, even when doing bar chords, especially when doing some of the funky chords. Are they essential? No. Can you get by without practicing them? Yes. Will you be a better guitar player with them? Yes. Do they suck? Hell yes.
Alexa.
I say yes. It helps to learn the theory, as well as limber up the fingers. I've been playing for 30 yrs, and while I couldn't tell you which scale is which, much less reliably do one now, it helped.
Happy Birthday!
My dad reads the original from O'Henry every Christmas
I just cleaned out my office and got rid of over 40 devices, quite a few of which were Xperia's... I've had just about all of them.
RT As we wind down 2019, I wanted to share with you my annual list of favorites that made the last year a little brighter. We…
This thread is compelling in its completeness. I shall be referring to it often in the years to come.
"I don't know if I can help you with that" Middle.
Yeah, drop Marino and put in Brees.
The important bits
Oh now that's a great idea. On my shoulder? Or wing's spread behind?
Yep - I had played around a bit... this should work, right? 😆
Ok... If you say so.... 🙃🙂
So here's at least Matt's suggestion for a shoulder cropped image
Teamwork!
I can't either... Which makes me question a few things, especially considering you didn't know the IT Crowd reference earlier....
You mean I shouldn't allow and to dictate my headshots?
I love you both. Be warned. This may happen.
Seems on point....
Wait... are you *suggesting* that there is a quota for the amount of vegetables consumed over a day, or a period of time?
Question for #DevRel / Speaker Twitter.... I need some suggestions for a new headshot with a nice, cool background. Here's what I have from a year ago... Kinda "meh" on it at the moment
A child after my own heart. You got this!
One of the best episodes of one of the greatest sitcoms if all time...
Btw... I'm assuming you know the reference? 😆🤓
Of that I have no doubt. At all.
Yes. Matt speaks truth.
I can't even....
"The elders of the internet know who I am?"
I'm so close to finally hitting that number. Congrats!
I hope the goalie continues his regimen and sets a goal of double the goals as last year.
But... LaCroix...
My daughter has been using that for awhile now...
I like this idea.
And one more thing to track for her
Happy Holidays to you and yours from me and mine!
Sounds delightful! I'm the only one up myself and have the egg casserole (which my wife premade) in the oven and coffee brewing, and about to cook a pound of thick cut bacon. Merry Christmas!
The Monkees were the first boy band, and threatened to quit after awhile unless they were allowed to actually play their own music.
There was audio? I too got duped by this video.
Just watched all of the Christmas episodes as a family... Such amazing bits of writing, but my favourite has to be "Dwight Christmas" from Season 9. Shows the depth of Jim and Dwight's friendship, and so full of joy.
"Mini-Cupcakes? As in the mini version of regular cupcakes, which is already a mini version of cake? Honestly, where does it end with you people?"
Found the squirrel for our live Christmas tree
RT If your company requires you to work nights and weekends, your company is broken. This is a managerial problem, not your pr…
There were two Cornish hens done in an Italian style with mozzarella on top, two with chili spice, and two with lemon pepper
Nothing to see here, except some amazing Cornish hens for Christmas Eve dinner, courtesy of my wife!
We likely wouldn't like the answer... So I love your approach
RT Made this REST API documentation in cause I really didn't like the docs they had. I find it very use…
This is horrifying, and it seems that the disciplined the students. The fact they felt ok doing this speaks to a larger issue in the home, the community, and the school.
I wonder that often. If it wasn't for my kids being entrenched here with school and sports, I'd be moving my family elsewhere.
RT Happy Holidays from Two new eps for the long break for y’all. Featuring and on #DevOps a…
RT Follow this thread. There are many witnesses surrounding the July 25 call that blocked you from hearing f…
Wise words indeed
I feel attacked.
Sure, walk right down the center of the Walmart parking lot row. Take up the entire space. It'll be fine. What could go wrong?
I feel like you need to spend more time with her. For science.
It does seem to be working well for her...
Tell her if she shares the loot...
RT This season isn't joyous for all, those facing loss, loneliness, economic anxiety, and mental illness. If you think you coul…
Not my call regrettably
I am, however, headed back to Walmart because I forgot cilantro and garland. So if I don't come back, it was nice knowing you all
I really just held my breath and ran
Good series starting up on "Practical DevOps" "Practical DevOps #1: The Big Sell" by Simon Aronsson #DEVcommunity
I was able to hit up Target, Wal-Mart, and T-Mobile between 10a and 1230p with little to no issue.
I've lost entire vacations... I echo this sentiment
I have questions...
It has all the best food groups. Never a poor choice!
Thanks for the vote of confidence. However, when I'm retired/old, my statement still stands.
You're not wrong really
I make this statement now, and you can frame it and hold it over me until the end of time. I will never like the Hallmark Channel.
Hell has arrived in the form of Twitter's algorithm
RT Happy holidays from your team of Solacians! 🎄 Wishing you all a time of joy, rest, and relaxation.
RT who better to talk about the challenges and burden of maintaining open source projects that the individual responsible for so…
RT The House does not hold a trial; it charges impeachable conduct. Under our Constitution, “[t]he Senate shall have the sole…
RT Check out our post on that shows you how to use Solace #PubSub+ #EventBroker and for RESTful…
Congrats to the team for joining Heavybit!
RT 🤝 This year we created a 3-part series with about how DevRel teams can best collaborate with Marketing, Sales, an…
I endorse this.
Some great suggestions for #DevRel event teams in figuring out events to attend, sponsor, speak at, etc. "Measuring Event Success; Entering the Matrix" by #DEVcommunity
RT Great article by one of our community members!
"My way's not very sportsmanlike..."
Nice they've self-identified
RT More from Christianity Today: “We nevertheless believe the evangelical alliance with this presidency has done damage to our wit…
Narrator (checks his notes): This has been fact checked, and is correct. He did not lie.
"fouls" even....
Gotta hand it to on that play... Can't recall the last time I heard a player called for two falls in one play (holding and illegal block). #kcchiefs
I would question this "resident" as to why they then proceeded to leave the packages on the front porch instead of bringing them inside.
It is on my list for sure
#DieHardIsAChristmasMovie
RT this is a great time to do an annual security and privacy checkup! &gt; ensure MFA on your accounts &gt; revoke old app permissions…
Eyes are drawn to the crotch when you hold something there evidently
This 9yr old is my hero
I've played it for years as well, and always got people by putting my hand by my groin...
Same. Really enjoyable
So saw this a few hours back... Still processing, but my #NoSpoilers take is: 1) I was right on Rey's lineage, and 2) This was a solid bit of closure on the Skywalker Saga I'll have to see it again.
WTF....
RT We all know who Donald Trump is. The question we have to answer is: Who are we?
Soup is amazing. So many great options.
Oh that’s a banger
Absolutely love my Venu 2 Plus (the Plus model adds voice actions, calls, etc)
That stare... Clearly The Dark Lord
RT Any contract UX writers / copywriters available to write up a punchlist for (mobile app copy)?
RT Every CEO and sales leader should read the cold emails that their sales team is sending to prospects and ask themselves:…
RT Alright, #developercommunity! The stage is set! Our #KCDC2024 CFP is LIVE! Ready those brilliant abstracts for on June 26…
If you're in KC, come checkout the #Javascript KC meetup this month with and : "Securing Next.js Apps and The Art of Technical Decision Making"
RT Want to submit a talk to a CFP this month, but don't know where to start? Book a 1:1 speaker coaching session with me! W…
THE PRESTIGE is one of my favourite Nolan films, and this behind-the-scenes look is awesome
Bravo... Sounds like a No Brainer
RT Let me help you out and give you my thoughts on DEI 1. Diversity Good businesses look where others don't, to find the employees…
RT This month's meetup is set for Tuesday, January 23 at 530p, and we'll be hearing from Chris Harmon, Solutions Engineer at
RT With our CFP open, does anyone have thoughts on: - Have we truly learned anything after 15 yrs of #DevOps? - Has DevO…
RT This month's #DevOps KC meetup we will be joined by Chris Harmon, Solutions Engineer at talking about common d…
RT Coming up for Day 3 of #90DaysOfDevOps is with "High-performing engineering teams and the Holy Grail"
Yeah, it is 🤘
This talk that gave at #monktoberfest literally made me cry and I pretty much stopped my live tweeting and just listened. Her message of compassion blew me away and I am forever grateful.
RT First; work hard and say yes to everything. Then; work smarter and say no to most things.
It's time for #TheRiseofSkywalker
I read the original edition.. highly recommend. 10/10.
I have no idea when I will be
If I'm in town. In.
That should be rectified.
Not better. But good.
You're an enabler.
Narrator: Hint... He never has. Never will.
We are certain #Alicethebeagle is spoiled.
This is now your contact photo.
You now need a wee dram to compensate. Plus one for me.
"..we're gonna have the hap, hap, happiest Christmas since Bing Crosby tap-danced with Danny fu#*ing Kaye. And when Santa squeezes his fat white ass down that chimney tonight, he's gonna find the jolliest bunch of assholes this side of the nuthouse."
Can't wait for this, even with the show ending!
It originated from a nomination form that propagated back in October ( / could provide more info on the process after the nominations
RT Join &amp; Ambassador in a live discussion on how to improve #security in cloud-native envi…
One of the few things I will see with Sanders on
2020 is a new decade with plenty of new opportunities
RT If you're a PHP fan, or a Postman fan, or a fan, be sure to mark your 📅 for 👇
Rey is confirmed to be the love child of Luke and Maz
Me out of the office for vacation until Jan 6 got me like....
A great one to start the #monktoberfest talk drop with!
RT "The Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock - Sample Application shows a multilanguage application built with Visual Studio an…
I was just told that Star Lord (Peter Quill) is my Marvel Spirit Animal... And I'm ok with that.
Great summary THREAD on where we stand right now with #IMPOTUS
About time we have movement in this space... "Apple, Google, and Amazon are teaming up to develop an open-source smart home standard"
I just ordered food with Google and helped someone in need. Give it a try!
But yet, there are plenty of them. I'm not surprised they're receiving what they are (true colours eventually shine through), and it was a bold and brave move to take a stand. May more join them.
It took me 3 times watching it before I finally got through it. And only because I was bored on flights.
Ahh... the delightful `sh` days
RT 10/ Community is the new moat. Nearly 80% of founders reported building a community of users as important to their busine…
There's nothing so pure and delightful as hearing a gym full of elementary school kids singing "Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer", "Santa Claus is coming to Town", and "Let it Snow"
Isn't "and your enemies closer" just around the corner?
Paging
I heard that these new gaming consoles have an issue where the power cords just magically disappear... You'd better check if yours has that issue.
Not if they're at WalaWala
Who's son has corrupted his father's good name and has his head so far up Trump's arse he's seeing orange
Well, I for one know that is heartbroken about this WalaWala data breach.
I'm your friend. And we really do need to go get that cup of coffee.
Same. Was not on my radar as something they would say. Ever.
Then why care? Why post about it? 🤷‍♂️
It isn't a criminal trial... He doesn't go to jail (though he should). But it is a trial. Standing for the things Jesus taught and modeled is important and I'm right there too.
Have to stand for the Constitution and the Rule of Law. So what if those things don't mean what they used to? I will not put my head in the sand and say "Oh well..."
1) The Senate piece is always a trial, Chief Justice overseeing, Senators as jurors. 2) Because you take a stand. President must be held accountable. 3) And? Make the R's put their vote down for history and make it known where they stand with the country watching.
Feel fantastic about it to be honest.
RT Christianity Today: "Trump Should Be Removed from Office; It’s time to say what we said 20 years ago when a president’s cha…
I am shocked. The last paragraph is something I honestly can't believe I just read, and I am delighted.
I did NOT see this one coming... "To use an old cliché, it’s time to call a spade a spade, to say that no matter how many hands we win in this political poker game, we are playing with a stacked deck of gross immorality and ethical incompetence."
Why send to the Senate when the leadership there has made it clear they won't let a fair trial happen and that they're not impartial? The longer they wait, the more information comes out (the truth always does), and the court cases provide more weight around subpoenas.
RT Where do they even go?
RT Last week's #DevRelCon was awesome! 🎉 I collected a few of my favorite tweets, photos, and ideas here. Huge thanks to
We're hiring for a Developer Advocate at If you are a coder who likes talking to other developers, learning and teaching, building cool demos and prototypes and are excited by new technology, this might be perfect for you! DMs are open,
The same with me
RT Holy cow, you can get The Phoenix Project free on Kindle today!
RT Defending racist white boys by claiming their flashing the white power symbol was actually the ‘circle game’ is like telli…
Gotta hand it to Trump - he might just be the GOAT
Everyone needs in their lives
What is this "reboot" nonsense?
Narrator: McConnell, however, was too afraid of what a real trial would bring and sought to deflect his cowardice to the Democrats. History will not be nice to him.
One of my favourite Far Side's... via
Oh I have no doubt! I am personally aware of companies who utilise their developer marketing org as the place where content gets created, so I see this being a valuable resource as well! Can't wait to read it!
Every developer relations (or marketing team targeting developers) needs this resource.
They finally said something truthful.
In the top 5 of places I've been for sure. And Scotland as a whole is amazing, and lovely. Depending on how long you have, I have some places my wife and I went if you want them.
I loved walking the Royal Mile with all the shops and then walking the "hill" to Arthur's Seat (an extinct volcano btw) and looking down on Edinburgh.
I'm impressed there's an emoji for sake... Also it was a great, small bowl of 🍶 and so glad I could be of service!
I know! She was so sad I had to cheer her up!
Not surprising... But I hope not
Or.... It won't be sent while further investigations happen... That's my Christmas Wish
RT Sorry I replaced the baby Jesus in your nativity scene with a baby Yoda and called it the Mangerlorian.
RT HISTORIC: Donald Trump just won a popular vote for the first time
RT Big differences between Clinton impeachment and this one. Clinton at this point was publicly contrite and partisans support…
RT A majority of the House has voted to impeach President Trump
RT Just a reminder it was in 2016 that McCarthy said Putin pays Trump.
RT As #TheRiseOfSykwalker arrives in theaters, let's not forget that it all started in the imagination of just 1 man: GEORG…
The rest were already booked over on #FauxNews where their supporters go to in times of crisis
Another awesome take on TLJ. Loving these!
So honest question... Are you putting the ketchup _in_ the pie as an ingredient? Or is it as some psychopathic topping you're applying? The answer matters.
As long as both not done at the same time, I think it's fine.
Growing up a card-carrying, "GOP" hat- and tshirt-wearing Republican, I remember all of the statements made about Democrats &amp; about the country if they were in control. They were all fear-based. All of them. Those same arguments continue to this #ImpeachmentDay , but magnified.
Tell me how we don't need common sense gun legislation...?
We just can't have nice things
Grilled cheese, hamburgers, hot dogs, fries.
I think their worry is they know there is absolutely no way Pence wins in 2020.
When in London last week, I bought 5 Lion bars &amp; 5 Jelly Babies in Tesco to bring home to my family. #Alicethebeagle decided she deserved them more, ate the 5 lion bars &amp; 1 bag of Jelly Babies before getting caught. Has suffered no ill effects. Alice is a beagle. ’Nuff said.
Which of course then means he knows what he says is preposterous at best... 🤦‍♂️
This seems pretty par for the course... Which makes sense to change their mascot to the ostrich.
I have a feeling he _did_ do some soul searching, which is how this whole speech came to be
Rashford firing blanks tonight... #MUFC
I see this trending... and get a huge kick out of what it's trending with...
But ketchup is ok?
Such a beautiful view.
RT This is so pure 💛💛💛
He OWNS a suit jacket?
Congrats to you both!!!
That would be relatively acceptable I think... Or HP sauce?
Profound commentary on TLJ and ESB.
I did not just eat a big spoonful of brown sugar. I don't know why you would suggest such a thing.
Nada. No. Nope.
Doing the Lord's work. I endorse the internal message has sent.
I feel like that's taboo... and I like it.
If you ever wonder where my sense of humour comes from, you can take a clue from The Far Side. It was a major influence in my formative years, along with Monty Python. So glad it's officially coming online, and new comics are coming.
Hold on for dear life.
I don't recall any such agreement from or the rest of us in attendance. In fact I seem to recall a nice spattering of applause when the goal was made... By the goalie. The goalie!
Or quicker hot takes
Flubebneznachos Pizza Netflix Sounds fun.
SJ.
Also.... The White House uses WordPress?
Now I'm hungry again
Wait... Ketchup on shepherd's pie?
Or both?
I just ate an entire Chipotle burrito without it falling apart. AMA.
They are amazing. Especially the McGriddle..
It's 5min away.... DON'T JUDGE ME
I totally get that and take other steps to make sure those things are restricted. But the Chipotle app? Gimmeeeeee
Yasss.. pancakes made in bacon fat is also fantastic
Why do people wait in the Chipotle line when they could use the app? I've been in line (can't use the app as I'm supporting my daughter's school band and need to show a flyer) for 15min and the line has moved 30ft and I'm all like
This is awesome and so very touching.
Fully support this. It's clear that McConnell and the leadership in the Senate (like Graham) have no desire to hold a Constitutionally-adhering trial.
RT GOPers ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ and ⁦ launch “the Lincoln Project” which in next 11 mos. wi…
RT The team would LOVE to hear your talk ideas! This is going to be a solid conf. I recommend CI/CD, feature f…
RT We want to hear about your development, operations, and release practices! The CFP for Trajectory 2020 is open:
You really should. #KCDC is an awesome conference.
Call for Speakers for 2020 is open and I've just submitted a session!
I imagine my response to the torch would be to request a change of underwear
Congrats to the team!
RT Not a single Republican has a problem with the President blackmailing a foreign government to get dirt on a political…
Dwight: You might remember testing my urine a few years back, when I was applying to be a volunteer sheriff's deputy. Linda: We test a lot of urine. Dwight: Mine was green. Linda: Oh, right. How are you? Dwight: All better. #DwightSchruteQuotes
Please say you washed your hands.
Nobody listens like you do Matt.
Sweet tomatoes
Ah. That makes a lot of sense actually.
Doesn't explain my low follower count... I say dumb shit all the time.
Trump and Giuliani have admitted the crimes they've committed &amp; continue to commit &amp; tell us all about them PUBLICLY! It boggles my mind how far down the GOP has gone to turn a blind eye to this. I know it's possible because we're human - anything is possible - but come on!
RT Looking for more information about DevRel Qualified Leads? I published a blogpost that links to a variety of resources, inc…
What on earth are they suggesting? 😱😣
My favourite Christmas album. Hands down.
Not really... Guilty by association.
It likely wasn't anything you did.. there are Twitter lists which get passed around which can be uploaded as block lists. I've seen a lot of people block anyone that follows someone that they don't like, often without interacting with them previously. I'm on a few myself.
"Hooman, you have caramel popcorn."
"Why is the carpet all wet, TODD!??"
They're shipping to the fitness nut, so I guess they figure you'll be able to come up with one. I'll show myself out.
Agreed. How do you feel about Christmas classics to the tune of Twisted Sister?
RT People think traveling for work is so glamorous, but I bet they’ve never gotten a stomach flu from someone sitting in coach…
All were recorded, and / will release them over the coming months.
Sir, this is a Taco Bell.
And the sit-down console games...
RT Slides for my "GitHub is your Documentation Landing Page" at #DevRelCon this morning are already online! Grab them here
History will remember these Republicans for their gross neglect and willful neglect of the Constitution. Not kindly, either.
I watched this twice yesterday while traveling home.
Liberally apply bleach to everything
This. This is why the Senate trial will be rigged, and why McConnell needs to go. Fast.
When using tap-to-pay you don't need to. I'm only ever asked in Europe and the UK to sign when I use my physical card.
RT Putting a whole community on blast to tens of thousands of followers and misrepresenting details of a communication is ki…
RT Despite the tiredness, today I woke up with a smile 😊. These past few days at #DevRelCon were outstanding, exceptional, ama…
Awesome! When is your next scheduled for? 😆
ERMAHGERD! One of the most amazing people I know was on the plane home from #devrelcon with me &amp; I am so honoured to be able to take a picture with him. And in case you're wondering, there is no snark here. He really is an amazing person, and I am honoured to call him my friend.
RT This week the President of the United States bullied a 16-year old girl with Asperger syndrome, for being committed to t…
Meeting up with friends in the Virgin Atlantic lounge before the long trip home from #DevRelCon reminds me of how much I love this #DevRel community
Being irresponsible with your tech privilege is pretty on point these days
RT The ability to leave your job because you politically disagree is applaudable. However, it comes from a place of privileg…
Speaking on behalf of the moderator staff, we go through checks around various profiles (LI specifically doesn't mention DevRel, &amp; Twitter mentions former DevRel). As the email often states, reply &amp; let us know if we missed something. Always better handled privately. My DMs open.
RT See for tools
RT Resharing my burnout talk from #DevRelCon 2015 in light of today's keynote
"... Lizard, Spock."
Take Josh to a piano bar and buy him some champagne and he'll tell you all about it!
RT FYI, is a 100% volunteer run not-for-profit event. Some folks asked so wanted to make sure to put it out ther…
Oddly prophetic gif...
Just in time for UK politics! Enjoy! 🤓🇬🇧🤩
It's good stuff... Not terribly complex, but with lots of room to explore ideas and implementations
*Best approach* has never been a part of his limited, neanderthal thought process
RT Dear She’s smarter than you, classier then you, and better than you in every possible way. She’s also so…
RT Dates announced for DevOpsDays Chicago 2020! Sept 1-2, 2020! Hope to see you there!
RT Here are my slides from my talk at #DevRelCon London: Don't Create, Re-use! How to Repurpose a Common Business Metric for Y…
Emily, you know to use some capital letters and numbers...
Count me in!
. wins the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards for Best Developer Experience
The phenomenal team at won the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards for Best Developer Education!
. wins the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards for Most Welcoming Community!
The winner of the Greatest Individual Contribution at the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards is deservedly !!!
The winner of the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards for Best New DevRel Programme is !!
RT is back this January 24th with it's first of many meetups coming in 2024! Join us headquarters to hear…
Forgot to provide an update... Surgery went well last Wednesday, the hiatal hernia had pushed my stomach up into my lungs, reducing them in size 🤯 I'm on a pureed food only diet for the next week.....😑 so, yes I just pureed a slice of pizza for lunch. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh it's local only? That's disappointing 😞
Use a lord of the rings gif to show me your energy going into 2024.
Yep, agreed. Same place I've been
I've been here and it was good
Your 3rd most frequently used gif is your sex face.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KAT! 🎁🥳🧁
RT Here’s to the new year, good buddies.
RT Just a friendly reminder that New Year's 🍾 is the WORST HOLIDAY 🥴 ...saving you from disappointment before it happens 👍 h…
That's a solid answer
RT Happy birthday, Sir Alex! 🙌 #MUFC
RT
RT A bank wouldn’t re-hire someone who robbed them just because some people thought he was funny. A school wouldn’t re-hire…
Ahh ok
Yeah, all the previews I saw showed light sabers and I asked a few times if it was a Star Wars spinoff
Shatterstar is a doucheNozzle
Lol thanks Mauricio
RT For the Love of Henry Greenbaum For about a year and a half, I worked at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum here in D.C. as…
Yup. My new friend.
Congrats to and #Hacktoberfest in winning the 2019 #DevRelCon #DevRelAwards for Best DevRel Programme Overall
RT For those interested in my slides from yesterday ... They may not make sense as just slides though.…
RT Are we ready to stop using the funnel yet? Yes! 😅 Here are the slides from my #DevRelCon talk about the Orbit Model. Awesome t…
To the #DevRelCon unconference attendees, I made a disparaging remark about PHP. I apologise for any developer using PHP feeling that I was gatekeeping. It was not my intent, and I regret the comment.
RT Common pitfalls &amp; labyrinths: a dev rel choose your own adventure moderated by , and
RT Uncoference at #DevRelCon is super popular. Thanks to and for leading this awesome ses…
RT Honest question for #DevRel and #CMgr folks: I’m hearing more about “Program Manager” roles these days but haven’t gotten a…
Yeah I would echo this. At Sprint _years ago_ the "Program Manager" was someone who was responsible for a specific product/tool/process, and they would be the one driving projects, reporting around them, etc. Seems similar for DevRel orgs now.
Encourage a "slow yes" in the things you commit to... Understand all of the pain points. Write up a trip report for you and others to track back for future info. Encourage knowledge-sharing. via at #DevRelCon
"Unlimited time off is a scam and an accounting loophole for companies." - at #DevRelCon If your company has this, dictate requirements within your team that they take minimum time off.
Things which can be done: - limit scope of distributed work &amp; travel (regionalize things) - meet during working hours which are convenient for the regionalized - lead by example (take time off, don't email/chat after work hours, etc) via at #DevRelCon
Travel brings about its own advantages and disadvantages, and giving yourself time to work through them is important. Shared experiences with coworkers while traveling can make/break the desire to work at the company. Burnout can be increased as well. via at #DevRelCon
Some downsides of distributed work can be a sense of interpersonal disconnection. Make sure that if you're a manager of distributed personnel, you immerse yourself on occasion with the challenges they experience. via at #DevRelCon
When workers have the opportunity to work "remote" they tend to be happier, get more done, and work more. And the systems you put in place around distributed personnel, even those who are only distributed when traveling, can make/break it. via at #DevRelCon
"Remote" is a much more attractive option for employees, and can bring about more options for processes, and attracting talent. via at #DevRelCon
"Remote" can bring different definitions, and not all are positive around the work we do. We need to be careful about the connotation. "Distributed" is a much better word to shape our mindsets around our teams.
Looking forward to discussing Distributed DevRel at #DevRelCon
And this became my approach at - and was consistently enforced in those conversations I would eventually have with "trolls"... Sometimes the discussions were fruitful. Other times they weren't. But understanding they are passionate was very helpful.
RT "We messed up but here's what we learnt from it." Builds psychological safety! You were shunned by the students and the…
RT Nice quote from at #DevRelCon in talk about UX thinking for APIs at An API is first &amp; fo…
I'm in.
RT Public shaming doesn’t build trust or community and causes shame/increases impostor syndrome. Don’t do it.
RT PSA to speakers: If the person announcing your talk happens to mispronounce your name, simply state your name when you take…
So note to speakers at a conference to promote mental health &amp; well-being &amp; normalizing things that are difficult to talk about... maybe don't choose to spend the first moments of your time correcting the woman who so kindly (&amp; more than competently) introduced your session?
Yeah..
Isn't it ironic?
Absolutely.. hell I would probably contribute if needed... But why are you even _thinking_ of doing another book?
RT Business are striving to become more agile and #realtime -- and embracing #eventdriven architecture is a key component in…
Honk.
No. #sad
Missing you and this year.
Mulled cider. #achievementunlocked
RT Again, why is Russia at our White House? And Ukraine's Zelensky still has not been invited. Republicans - you are all a c…
RT Trump is meeting with Russia’s Foreign Minister in the Oval Office — again. Adversaries invited in. Allies locked out.…
I feel seen.
Potentially later. Need to grab some dinner first.
For more information check out the slides and repo ( and #girhubdropICE
Steps to change: ✅ don't be exploitive ✅ don't be duplicitous - imagine worst case scenarios _and act on that knowledge_ ✅ bring diverse voices to the table ✅ don't over-index on OSS contributions ✅ all code is political via at #DevRelCon
"What do we owe to each other _as people_?" is a better question as it holds up the dignity and rights of those using it (for and against). via at #DevRelCon
"Is it open source?" , "Is it politics-free?", "Is it enforceable?" are the wrong questions... they are meant to buy into the status quo via at #DevRelCon
Open source prioritizes the wants of consumers over the needs of creators, and incentivizes exploiting a volunteer labour force. Let's denormalize this behavior. via at #DevRelCon
The paradox of tolerance emphasizes the issue with extreme openness. Open source is a benefit of the privileged via at #DevRelCon
This premise needs to be challenged, and there have been attempts to do so via at #DevRelCon
Open source is inevitable, because it is an unmitigated good... via at #DevRelCon
Open source has won, but what did it win, and at what cost? via at #DevRelCon
To close out the first day of #DevRelCon "Open Source is broken, love live open source" by
If you're interested, make sure to follow
The Orbit Model repo and more info can be found at via at #DevRelCon
Moving between orbits are promotions via at #DevRelCon
The Orbit Model is an alternative with an emphasis on adoption around gravity, love, and reach, with different engagement levels via at #DevRelCon
Reliance on this old model when applied to adoption leads to a downward spiral... And developers rebel against these funnel-related questions via at #DevRelCon
The marketing funnel was created in 1898, and now software is adopted, not sold. This software adoption is a new science via at #DevRelCon
The Orbit Model is a tool with an open source repo to help build enthusiastic communities via at #DevRelCon
"Communities aren't funnels: try the Orbit Model instead" from at #DevRelCon
As DevRel roles can report to different departments, they are also connected and should always be seeking to build relationships with developers via at #DevRelCon
At #DevRelCon is talking about "Measuring DevRel programs far beyond marketing activities"
RT Here's what you've been waiting for: a detailed account of Trump's history of welcoming and encouraging foreign interventi…
The default state, without proactive work, between sales orgs and DevRel is friction. It's important to build those relationships, as well as log and document everything so that everyone knows what interactions are happening. via at #DevRelCon
Community - Who is the community? What are they building? What do the need? Why care about community? Enable developers, even those not purchasing, to be successful. Be seen as the expert. via at #DevRelCon
Education - DevRel should be the first user, and also creating the initial tutorials (1-to-many). Sales, CRM, and Partnerships (1-to-1) all benefit from these initial tutorials. via at #DevRelCon
A few things are universal when working with enterprise devs: Awareness - does the dev community know who you are? Do they know the DevRel team is there to provide support? via at #DevRelCon
When the final decision to purchase a product isn't done by developers, you're faced with challenges living in the extra layer of Sales/AEs, CSM, Partnerships, etc. via at #DevRelCon
Next up at #DevRelCon is speaking about "DevRel and Enterprise"
RT Made a list of attendees at #DevRelCon to help me discovering amazing people. Maybe useful for you too :)
Nope.
RT I rarely go to talks immediately after mine (gotta deal with the adrenaline rush of being done 😅) but there was no way I wa…
This work is extremely important, and you must make time for this - and you're never too small of a team to start this. via at #DevRelCon
Getting executive buy-in involves implementing an effective strategy via at #DevRelCon
Understanding value to the executive team and their measurements will help to drive executive buy-in A couple executives who really get DevRel's importance to developers and their company are and via at #DevRelCon
Communication between your team and the rest of the company can make or break your team. Be wary of Slack making for the only way people find out about your DevRel initiatives. via at #DevRelCon
Teamwork is so important, and so there are critical questions here, as well as being aware of "feedback loop" being the "thing" via at #DevRelCon
When asking about what success looks like, be wary of not measuring or the board being unaware. via at #DevRelCon
When asking about overall value, be wary of the "we saw X do it, so us too" via at #DevRelCon
There are definitely three types of executives you deal with around #devrel and steps to deal with each via at #DevRelCon
Next up at #DevRelCon is on "Get executive but in... or else"
RT Slides from my "DevRel: From Startup to Enterprise" talk are now part of the #DevRelCon London 2019 event page alo…
So there's one. Anyone else?
Anyone up for a fun ride at #devrelcon?
Some good resources from at #devrelcon around documentation
She did mention it, and the importance for them. The repo is for internal projects which they made public for anyone's use, but including it in the repo as a requirement for public-facing repos would be good.
RT Models are necessary but most are broken. Shoutout (from me, not from stage) to — I’m stoked to hear more abo…
RT Next up: talking about metrics and tools and formalizing our work at #DevRel professionals. I’m excited 😁🙌🎉 #…
RT The wordsmith in me is stoked that is opening his talk by defining words, and the DevRel professional in me is…
. has published a good set of standards for repos Via at #devrelcon
Kudos to at #devrelcon for being vulnerable and sharing his story, and challenging us to be more open, especially for those of us who live our lives in public. It makes us, and our communities, stronger.
Creating a safe place for the "stupid" question (hint, there aren't any) as well as being able to say "I don't know" builds safe spaces and magnifies impact. via at #devrelcon
Acknowledging your mistakes in public is uber-vulnerable, and the members in our communities take this risk every day. Being public and admitting the mistake helps to eliminate the shame, but it's still awkward. via at #devrelcon
Imposter syndrome is real and everyone experiences it in some form or fashion. How we respond and develop empathy and understanding for our communities, and making mistakes in public, is important. via at #devrelcon
We use words all the time in #devrel, which influence many of the things we do with, and for, our developer communities. via at #devrelcon
"I've messed up and they're going to fire me" with at #devrelcon
Take home (cont) - We can justify our existence without numbers. We bring value by bringing devs to the product without numbers. - at #devrelcon
Take home... - We're always making wrong models, but are they helpful? We can have others ways to eval our efforts, so mine for them - As a profession we need to start doing more formal work - Let's identify common metrics &amp; how to measure them - at #devrelcon
Main goal for #devrel is to make users successful and happy using our product. Other models can help us overcome the issues with the funnel... - at #devrelcon
The funnel is fine for some things, but for #devrel it is linear, it constrains and puts a false narrative on developers. It is also not quantitative, hard to prove. - at #devrelcon
"If you choose not to decide you still have made a choice" -Geddy Lee and Neal Peart We have to be careful of what we opt out of in making models, and what we choose in which situation. - at #devrelcon
Our brains are constantly making and using models... We filter reality so that our brains can comprehend. Models constrain our worldview, and in some ways that is good because they help us share and make sense of things quicker. - at #devrelcon
Ready for speaking at #devrelcon - "Bring More Intention: Formalizing more of our work"
No.
No thanks.... 😆
RT I have exciting news! 🎉 I'm the curator of an O'Reilly book called 97 Things Every Cloud Engineer Should Know. And I wo…
RT Companies with a product people love already have a community, they just need to start organizing and activating it. The…
And it's only Monday. #DevRelCon
MRW mentions Starbucks for the umpteenth time
Congrats! Onward and upward!
Very good assessment in this thread, with the *real* question to boot....
RT Patrick Mahomes is the first QB under 25 to win a regular-season road game in New England since 2000.
RT Foiled. How did we forget about the “Presidential Right to First-Term Crime Spree” clause of the Constitution?
The answer to both is "Shoreditch."
Nothing like mainlining....
Throat coat tea (which I have with me) is really good for a short-term solution, as is green tea with honey and ginger. Strepcils and Ricolla also are good short-term solutions in the lead up. Good luck!
Agreed, and I should have included that as part of the original tweet
Use Libby Boxes to help organize thoughts and ideas as you put together your #devrel objectives/KPIs/etc at #devrelcon #trainingday
Brilliant!
Forgot to link the template/worksheet at
Those #DevRel Pirate Metrics are: - Awareness - Acquisition - Activation - Retention - Revenue - Referral - Product
The #DevRel Pirate Metrics that laid out a few years back are vital for helping you understand the activities and behaviors of your team and your customers. at #devrelcon #trainingday
"Company goals should drive DevRel goals" is one of the core ways to help prove the value of #DevRel to your company. at #devrelcon #trainingday
RT Voting is still open for another day! #DevRelCon London
Mission statements for #devrel are important as they help to narrow down the scope of who the team is, and what they do. It helps to: 1) understand what you do, and 2) understand the value you bring. #DevRelCon London #TrainingDay
has been busy
RT Coming to #DevRelCon London? Why not visit the London #DevRel social meet-up on Monday evening:
Awesome! Look forward to meeting you!
What app is that?
Sure, it's been a few months since we've had this kale discussion, so why not? 🤓😆
RT Poor can’t drain the swamp, can’t flush the toilet!
David and I have wonderful conversations.
Luckily not together...
RT Rosa Parks is being honored with a statue just feet from where she protested segregation on a city bus
A wild appeared for our flight to LHR and #devrelcon
RT 2015, Gov. Brownback began a slate of xenophobic attacks on refugees &amp; withdrew Kansas from resettlement. Sept, Trump ma…
I am so ready for #DevRelCon this year... The great talks from amazing speakers, as well as hanging with fellow practitioners in the #DevRel space, many of whom I call close friends, has me hands down pee-my-pants excited! Also #DevRelKaraoke. But also friends.
You know they do..
The things people will talk about at airport bars... I'm hearing all sorts of NatSec info about who's deployed where, what happened when helicopter went down, and such.
Just for once, ONCE mind you, would it hurt to put real food in their Sky Club? "Kale Caesar Salad"? Why?
This. I'm going to see this. That's all.
RT TONYYYYYYYYYYY! It's 2-0! #MUFC #MCIMUN
RT YYYYYYEEEEESSSSSS!!!! converts and the Reds are ahead! #MUFC #MCIMUN
#dieharditsachristmasmovie
Like so many other things that DevRel touches, they have different emphasis but should align on common, business goals. But they definitely are not the same thing.
Bahhh... I do not approve of that message.
This. So. Much. This.
She's a beagle... That's definitely on brand.
#alicethebeagle couldn't be more comfortable, and couldn't care less that I'm leaving for #devrelcon 💂
Narrator: Talk about projecting....
Gilbert Gottfried
It's almost like the GOP has no sense of self-awareness... And that they're hypocrites
Was great until they decided to go the crypto "add-on" route
Except for the ones in his head...
So sorry to hear this Sonia! 😢
Sure... We'll go with that...
Troll achievement unlocked
Of course there is.
I was being inclusive David.
Mayonnaise/Miracle Whip on leftover Thanksgiving turkey sandwiches?
She signed mine last year... With a wonderful, heartfelt, message that haunts me to this day.
RT #Community health is one thing but you have to align to business goals to make a true impact. Engagement is only one par…
Looks like a fun sport... "Trump Wall Slide"
I mean... I can get Joe's KC shipped....
Have you _seen_ the villas in Crete?
Now I'm in a spiral of looking at villas in Crete...
A few things I found were that: - the US doesn't prohibit it (which is good) - a US immigration law firm has this article on it with a lit of countries (
RT Nikki Haley says the Confederate flag was always about, "service, sacrifice, and heritage." She says there was, "never…
Some really great tips here for anyone tasked with coordinating booth duty at an event, as well as those who are working the booth.
Good thoughts and prayers being thrown at you and right now.
To Trump followers/apologists: Don't you DARE tell me that it can't happen again. It already is beginning to happen. I guarantee you've never: -entered the gates of Auschwitz; -walked through its gas chambers &amp; ovens; -looked down the train tracks of Birkenau. I HAVE. [2/x]
I have stood in this exact same spot, THREE times, &amp; each time it has crushed me. I'm going back again in February with my daughter, &amp; I can't even begin to imagine how I'm going to feel. #NeverAgain - but yet Trump &amp; his ilk are hell bent on repeating history. [1/x]
RT Guess what? #DevRelCon San Francisco 2020 is happening on June 1st and 2nd! The CfP is open now:
Yeah, it's really not a satire account. Their website is real....
RT I am a music historian, and with I have researched the best-selling single of every decade all the way back to 14,…
It's "Jeremy". That's it. That's the whole tweet.
The other explanation is that he _literally_ is this stupid and doesn't know.
Ahh that's right. Evolutionary biology at work...
RT A 5-year-old boy's entire kindergarten class showed up for his adoption hearing - CNN
RT Things the GOP has money for: — $115M for Trump’s golf habit — $28B in farm bailouts — $1.9T in tax cuts for the wealthy &amp; co…
What I love about the announcement is that the city said the reason they were doing it was to provide the underprivileged with access to transportation
Even though Kansas City doesn't have a great transit system, we are the first US city to offer it free! I love KC.
Lol yes it is.
Good question, I didn't get close enough to verify
You know, I did wonder about that, but they only climb and live in trees. Not sure they can climb fences?
Dramatic effect.
Yep, that's my badger!
Well, I know it's not a raccoon
Wait... Am I missing something? Is that a honey badger?
I've never heard a beaver hiss like that. Also, I didn't know they climbed fences.
Stomach was _literally_ in my throat 🤣😂
Thanks, it'll be a long recovery for this one! The surgeon said when they moved the hernia and dropped my stomach back where it was supposed to be, it left a volleyball-sized cavity where my lungs should have been, and now I'll be able to use all of my lung's capacity
This has been a year of surgeries for me: 👁️ Jan: Cataracts removed in both eyes 👃Late Feb: Sinus surgery to fix deviated septum &amp; reconstruct nasal passage 🏥 This week: Surgery to repair hiatal hernia that pulled stomach into my lungs &amp; esophagus Here's hoping 2024's better
Oh my! That was so good!
RT I really don’t want to see millennials, and Gen Z making fun of boomers anymore, bc the way many of you watch staged tiktok s…
For sure. I'll have to watch soon
Ohhh! I forgot about the Christmas special! I saw the 3-part series for the anniversary, but forgot about this one. Thank you!
name a film you’ve seen more than seven times with just a gif
Well, gotta boil it first. And add some tea. And anti-inflammatory meds. But yeah, it's fine.
Delay of game on the referees, 15 yard penalty, and who the fuck knows what's going on.
Yep. This has also basically been me since I was laid off in August. It's not been uncommon for me to be a few days offset from everyone else. 😄😭
Yesss ❤️ so happy for you Tim!
RT SOMEONE LEFT. A FULL PLATE OF COOKIES. AND A GLASS OF MILK. RIGHT BY THE FIREPLACE FOR ME. I AM NOT KIDDING. WHAT A NIGHT
Ohhh that's nice. I didn't realize Metal Gear was on Switch.... 🤔
Good. Scotland is amazing, and one of my favourite places in the world. If you want I'll share with you the places my wife and I went while driving around there for a week
They're both kinda right, since we stole Hawaii and England stole Northern Ireland, that would make them very the same in the analogy
I have many questions... First of course is, has she ever BEEN to Scotland? Because it's way better than Ohio
The Glazers are money-hungry bitches. Selling a 25% stake to run the football operations (which they obviously haven't cared about) for $1.6bn, just so they can hopefully make more money out of something they've run into the ground and isn't worth the $8bn they want #GlazersOut
Gosh, that's a walk down memory lane.
The comments on this thread are better than the video itself. Also, Canada rocks.
Make this happen soon... I have a 5hr layover in ATL on the way to #devrelcon
#alicethebeagle was barking outside at 1145p, and I went outside to find that she'd fenced this beaver.
Yes.
I am laughing uncontrollably
Well played.
Eww.
You tend to end up wetter than the dog when all is said and done.
RT It could have been cows #WeJustDontKnow
Thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family in this time mate.
RT In this post by our Dev Advocate , he explores the elements most important for developers to know as they build #e…
RT [NEW EBOOK] 2020 Community Predictions Ebook is finally out now! 40+ recommendations to get you ready for 2020! 😍 Be the firs…
RT This is a brand new conference some friends and I are putting together. The idea is to get a bit deeper technology dive aroun…
With #DevRelCon fast approaching, I'm looking forward to kicking off the #unconference with a collaborative session (with and "Common Pitfalls &amp; Labyrinths: A DevRel Choose Your Own Adventure"! Check out this thread and vote on what you want to hear!
This is actually a good idea. It's obvious he's done impeachable things (since Day 1). Continue to build the case and amend. Bring it all into the light.
First off, you didn't write this. Secondly, your husband locks children in cages; mocks women &amp; children &amp; the autistic &amp; more; he (&amp; you) brought up Obama's kids during your racists birther conspiracy; &amp; I'm sure I'm missing one or ten here.. So enough of your faux outrage
You're thinking of Billy Jean King. Billie Ellish was married to Angelina Jolie and played a bad Santa.
Thread.
RT LeBron could kill a man on the court and they’d call a foul on the dead guy
RT I laughed way too hard at this Baby Yoda video featuring
Oh those are amazing!
I bestow you with 9001 internets today Rachel. You have won.
Wtf....
Amazing cake though...
RT I would never use my child as a political prop to cast fake outrage to distract from my impeachment hearings. That’s all I have…
RT If, like me, you aren’t at #reInvent2019 then take this walk with through the expo floor and you will have had a…
Amazing stuff. I usually get it at trader Joe's
RT explains the best way DevRel professionals can soak up developer culture, and the role of vulnerability.
RT If you are heading to #devrelcon in London next week I'm organising a pre-conference pub meetup. Come and meet old friends an…
RT Let’s be clear. If the House impeaches the president along partisan lines, it won’t be because anyone preferred it that w…
RT Get the handy tip and tool to back up and restore Solace PubSub+ Event Broker VPN Configs with SEMPv2.
Missed it... I love - what did I miss?
No, that's Billy Corrigated. Billie Joe is a piano player known for his song "We started the fire, and it's always been warm..."
Ok Boomer.
You don't know how much time has passed since they were reanimated. They could be freshly reanimated, thus making for fresh dry bones.
Unless they are dead... Then your bones would be dry.
#CruiseDirectorExtraordinaire
There are 12 days until I'm on vacation until 2020. That's the tweet. That's all.
#alicethebeagle couldn't be more comfortable on the couch
RT I think we should probably search Professor Karlan’s handbag for Rep. Collins’ testicles.
RT Open source relies on but continued insistence on working with ICE flies in the face of the open so…
The Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee are going to put forward so many ridiculous motions that time will be wasted with all these Roll Call votes... In a normal court the Judge would hold them accountable and likely in contempt. This is ridiculous. #ImpeachingHearings
I have a suspicion that Alexander Hamilton was a seer, prophet, or precog.... His letter to Washington ( in response to Washington's letter ( about Administrations seems to be describing someone...
Kansas City BBQ.... The best in the world. "The history behind Kansas City-style barbecue and its star burnt ends" -
RT Check out the 6-part series on building a chat app using Solace PubSub+ #solacedevs
A good place to start would be - "Buzzing Communities" and "The Indispensable Community". - has a book coming out I believe which should be good. - has "The Art of Community" and "People Powered" That's just a few to start with...
Pinging
RT Many aviation experts have looked at this and they all agree that this was a perfect landing, perhaps the most perfect i…
In all honesty I'm ok with it as you're not supposed to talk during...
I used to go to movies alone, so I guess you could say I was setup for this at a young age.
Yikes... That list is spot on...
RT We are told that today is #CyberMonday. How about we offer you this exciting technology news to celebrate the start of the holid…
Hey now, I used three letters and three spaces. Don't subtweet me.
RT New rule for writing presentations: ALWAYS get at least one review by a PoC or URM for perspective and insight into unconsc…
I'd ask why you're wasting it, but I don't see the point. You're just sharing.
Baptist mothers, especially Independent Baptist, are a strange derivative of Catholic mothers. So much so that I'm immune to being guilted into anything these days.
Hilarious, and oddly accurate, process for preparing for a talk in just 5 steps
RT Activity in the Rust repo peaks into the top 10 on GitHub during weekends and holidays. Shows that there is a real community be…
RT Today, released our official report on the impeachment inquiry into President Donald J. Trump. Tune in live…
They have finally arrived!
IIRC from those I know who are verified, you can prevent retweets by people who you don't mutually follow each other.
DevRelCon San Francisco 2020 call for papers is open #devrel
I at one point had a TT-RSS server up and running and it was great - but so hard to use on mobile... and so I stopped and yeah. Google Reader.
Lord, please forgive me for the times I complain about the inconsequential things in life, and help me to have the strength and determination to overcome.
Oh agreed! RSS readers used to be a lot more functional and easy to use.
Tech Twitter: Where do you go to get your developer/technical content fix?
Yep. The last bit was tongue in cheek...
RT This is a fantastic explanation of what a Developer Advocate is (and isn't). Thanks, for taking the time to c…
Waiting for my shipment of #stroopwafels from after getting the notification that they're out for delivery has me like....
Ahh... Nothing like a US leader pushing a narrative that benefits Putin and hurts the rest of the world. It's almost like he gets these ideas from their morning pillow talk.
I grew up hearing that NHS in the UK was terrible and blah blah blah.... All pushed by the healthcare companies in the US. And it wasn't until I actually traveled the world and _talked_ to real people did I realise how bad we have it, for no. Reason. At. All.
RT Are you at #reInvent? Our #developer advocate will explain how you can go #eventdriven with #Lambda &amp;…
Respect. Look forward to seeing you next week at DevRelCon.
RT What noise is this? What traitors have we here?
I am today years old when I found out about "clothes shaver"
OH: "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all. Use an animated GIF instead."
RT What are the top onboarding tactics you use when you have a new person register to the community? #cmgr
RT I was asked at a town hall “if there was ever a time in your life where somebody you really looked up to maybe didn’t accept y…
Wow.. this is the type of compassion we've been missing the last few years from the White House. May that change quickly, and definitively. This is a wonderful answer. And I am crying.
RT Our CFP is now open! Submit a full length or lightning talk before January 6th. #devopsdays
Congrats!!!!
Mine has good music as well, though I can't recall what it was because the last time I was there the Dentist and the Hygienist kept discussing some TV show like Dexter or something. I can't even remember at this point. I just know the movie was good.
RT #DoctorWho returns to New Year's Day at 8pm.
#NoRagrets #IKnow
Great tips for finding your #DevRel job destination
RT Heading to #reInvent this year? Want to meet up? Let's hang! HMU if you want to grab coffee/drink/lunch etc. 💃
#MakeSureYouUseHashtagsWhenCommunicatingWithAmy
RT Presenting the first-ever remote conference dedicated to the frontend. Free to attend, and organized online! Register now to…
Was supposed to go to my first #AWSreinvent2019 as it's a developer event, but that cheese got moved. Having all sorts of FOMO as I have a number of friends there, but I'll be following along as much as I can!
Don't miss this event!
And that content is diverse... samples, SDKs, blog posts, talks, workshops, webinars, etc., and all driven by business need, objectives, etc.
Let's ignore the lies about a "coup"... he's correct that we are a nation ruled by laws, and no one is above those law. Not even the President. So I would say this democratic republic of ours is attempting to function the way it's supposed to.
DevRel is bigger than any hole someone tries to shove a pigeon into. It is fluid BECAUSE it's about building relationships with developers. Last count I heard, there were ~20mil devs around the world (IMO oversimplified and low, but 🤷) and plenty of ways to build relationships.
Don't forget about , the top community forum platform for developer communities
Sir, this is a Dairy Queen.
You need to fix your sh+t / ... You're enabling harassment with your open chat platform, and it's not ok.
Knowing tomorrow is the first day back from vacation...
That is true friendship
You misspelled "amazing"
I approve this message.
/me starts to figure out a Voltron talk
#alicethebeagle got some Secondsgiving scraps... She's now comatose.
Thread. As a former, staunch, GOP-hat-wearing conservative I can attest to this. Back in 1991 with Clarence Thomas I clearly remember this viewpoint being propagated throughout the Right.
Seems the #KCChiefs moved the goalpost on that Oakland Raiders kicker... "Just a bit wide....."
I have a feeling "Ralph Breaks the Internet" was a biopic and no one noticed
/me hunts for my list...
RT “No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in.” ~#RosaParks As we remember Rosa Parks, this date in history &amp; what it…
Excuse me while I slip into another coma after a fantastic "Secondsgiving" meal by
Yes, second Thanksgiving is happening. (s/o to for the meme)
Look at that.. we were so kind to share points with you. 🤦‍♂️
I'll see you at #devrelcon and we'll share a pint or 6
Come on Ole... Lingard? Get Garner in there to get some minutes. Lingard, as much as I've supported him in the past, is washed up at #MUFC now. #MUNAVL
Not entirely helpful because our defense has a terrible ability to let one back at 90'+2
It's such a pain watching them these days. The years of poor transfer policy rears its ugly head every time.
Grab her and hug her. We've all been there. You're not alone.
Oh ffs #MUFC - #MUNAVL
Yes! Now let's get one more! Always push for one more! #MUFC
Maybe?
RT GOOOOOOOOOOAL! heads #MUFC level! #MUNAVL 1-1
Sasha.
Yup. I do just about anything for a good cup of coffee. The problem is I know what "a good cup" is, and most of what I'm presented with isn't it.
Wow! 🤩 That's an amazing photo!
Oooh... I like that!
YES! The connotations for "sales" &amp; "marketing" have been pushed as a "us vs them" response, &amp; DevRel (as in many ways was a reactionary play against those connotations) is now growing out of its teen years &amp; experiencing a reality check. #devops principles can/should unite all!
And anyone who chooses to go into marketing, sales, support, devrel, etc. shouldn't be vilified, but instead should be collaborated with to further the company's goals
Absolutely. The reality is that every department in the company contributes to the bottom line in some way, and to take the approach of "marketing and sales is BAAAADDAADDDAD" is damaging to the company as a whole, and the message as well.
And he'd just lie and cheat in order to win.
Yes, I am. And I should have qualified that. I was working on character limits and didn't convey "traditionally viewed as" which was intended, instead of "this is _exactly_ what marketing is"
I know this is oversimplified, btw, but I felt like a simple answer was best for now. Happy to delve much deeper into this in person, on Zoom, etc.
Now u could totally say this is "tech marketing", &amp; you wouldn't be all that wrong. But the OKRs would be different. Due to most developers, and those in the DevRel field, hate to be considered, associated with, or targeted by marketing, the term is "taboo". [3/3]
DevRel, on the other hand, by nature is about relationships with developers - meaning that marketing approaches are not used, and are avoided at all costs. This leads to more personal ways of interacting, through videos, communities, workshops/meetups, etc. [2/3]
So I will take a stab here..Marketing, in general, is about blasting a message to as many warm bodies as possible irrespective of the individual, a sort of "shots on goal" approach, using things like email, ads, geofenced intrusions, etc. Many of the things that devs hate. [1/3]
There are some companies who have, and still do, that. Some of them, like AmEx, have folded those orgs though. Others do "internal DevRel" where they serve as liaisons between the internal users of the company's tools (customers) and Product or Engineering.
Sounds about right
Takes a special kind of cream or stop drinking dairy. Kind of a toss up.
I'm beginning to catch that love!!! Excited to see where it goes.
And this is where, as we come out of our "teenage years", a lot of maturing will need to happen.
I'd echo this from Mary as well, and I'm sure a number of us would not mind getting on a Zoom and hearing about you and sharing stories and such.
So sorry for your loss Jason. 😢😥
Tub of butter, destroyed.
RT Huge congrats Team #ProjectEirini for shipping 1.0! Huge milestone for and users. ex…
We just got our first fresh tree, and I'm hunting for a stuffed squirrel to put inside of it
Shepherd's Pie from is awesome.
Make sure to check for squirrels....
RT We began this "call to action" on 23 August. Our account had 343k followers. In a little over 3 months, you all helped…
You really shouldn't roll yourself up so much inside the blanket.
So does a well timed slap
I feel attacked and seen at the same time.
I want to see the receipts for the donations. I would bet money they don't exist.
My kids are monsters.
I know I bookmarked it somewhere, but has written up something about this, or forked some repo which provides the scripts and ways to do it sanely
I'm sure we both got the same thing.
The winner of 9001 internet's today is
Never been, but that seems normal?
🚿 no need to shower 🛌 no need to get out of bed The benefits are immense and innumerable for #remotework
Such fragile selves, that white people feel attacked when they see caricatures of hate and bigotry and such. I have no time for people like that. This man is awesome.
RT New to Git? This post details some basic Git commands you can use to "git" started. #SeeWhatIDidThere ?
RT “If I was white, be honest, you wouldn’t have stopped me.” Dear Wypipo, Black people do not have to explain to you what…
Oh come on... I haven't even attempted power tools yet.
☑️ Strained neck &amp; lower back while repositioning said 300lbs of concrete board in close confines of van ☑️ Deleted vast amounts of digital movies from server by fatfingering command ☑️ Recovered decent % ‼️‼️ ☑️ Deleted them again with same fatfingers How's your day going? [2/2]
So far today I've: ☑️ Smashed my fingers &amp; 🖐️ multiple times at Home Depot while buying concrete board ☑️ Smashed same fingers &amp; 🖐️ multiple times while loading said concrete board in 🚐 ☑️ Broke at least one piece of concrete board when I clipped a curb with the 🚐 (cont.) [1/2]
Narrator: Who knew that to avoid being called a liar you needed to (looks at list of ways to avoid being called a liar)... not be the mouthpiece for a lying megalomaniac and lie incessantly. Evidently it's a pretty easy way. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
Nah, as I said in my other tweet, it's almost the same tweet he made a month ago is support of that dev "educator" who revealed his true colors
In fact, he used much the same words in a tweet a month ago in support of that software trainer guy who attacked WoC
Yeah I don't think it is. He is a mysoginist and a racist, and I was always a little weirded out by his whole "Uncle" routine.
What an asshat
George Clooney just went up in my book....
The football game scene is one of my all-time, old school movie scenes. Glad you enjoyed it!
RT More new stuff! Introducing AWS Managed Rules for AWS WAF, and a fresh new WAF console and API experience that's greatly improve…
RT Will you be at #reInvent next week? Don't miss our #developer advocate presentation on Dec. 4. He'll be talk…
RT Christ broke religious and cultural protocol to be love. Take the courageous steps he took with the Samaritan woman at t…
No. But if you do, I will follow you
Recipe or it didn't happen!
I wish they'd make this again. Someone has to...
Waiting on the update....
It was insane yesterday in Houston... I can only imagine today.
Cats. That is all.
I guess not everywhere can have amazing speeds like Kansas City. Glad to be home.
And had no issues at all... was early leaving Houston and Atlanta. Happy Thanksgiving all!
The troll:member ratio is an important one to remember during recruitment....
Really quite good. 😀🔪🤤
Definitely turned out really good... the smoke ring is so pronounced and the flavor really came through.
Took it out after 5 total hours and it is resting... More to come
I've gotten some online, but I also tend to just use parchment paper and it works just fine for me. I use non-stick vegetable parchment paper I got from Sam's Club a long time ago.
I don't often, but occasionally I will until it gets past its stall
So this tri-tip has been in the smoker now for a total of almost 4 hrs. It's now wrapped, with the smoker set for 250F for now, and will work it's way up to an internal temp of 195F where I plan on pulling it and letting it rest.
Yessss
Nice smoke going on for the moment, and then will boost to 250F soon for the 3-4 hr cook
I'm starting the at low, roughly 180F, to get a good steady smoke for 30min, and then will adjust to 250F and let it cook until it hits ~160F (around 3hrs) and then I'll wrap it and cook at 275F the rest of the way until it's around ~195F
For my sister's birthday, she requested "beef" for dinner. So, gonna smoke this 4# tri-tip like a brisket. First photo is after I added kosher salt, pepper, and brisket rub for a 24hr dry brine, and the second photo is taking it out of the fridge and ready for the smoker
RT Tech in 2023
RT You matter to the megacorp you work for
RT Become ungovernable, go fishing at bass pro shops
Of course share with us this alternative
Oh! How were they?
It was Splunk not Snyk
RT I need the 7 mutuals that follow this man to rethink their positions real quick.
What the holy fuck!? 😡🤬 What a fucking idiot.
Wish you both could be there
Dogs. We don't deserve them. At all.
All of which is paid directly to his businesses.. thus enriching himself while in office and in violation of the Constitution. Imagine if Obama had done this.....
Your intonation is spot on mate. Those tossers can bugger off with their $Reasons
RT Today, we give thanks for our blessings, give back to those around us, and enjoy some time — and turkey, and maybe a littl…
And again, doing what Putin wants. This does not make America great. It makes our allies weaker, which makes us weaker.
First time flying on Thanksgiving. 🤞we make 🦃 dinner.
This is not who we are... This is not who we are... This is not who we are...
#KnivesOut is an amazing film, easily one of the better ones I've seen in awhile (the whole family went this evening!). Also, donuts and donut holes. Go see it.
Remote, hands down.
RT Attention speakers: CFPs end on 2019-12-16 for DevOpsCon Berlin. Submit your proposal today! #DevOps
And you do it with much aplomb. I, for one, thank you.
It just sped up.. marginally...
Umm, are you having issues in Houston today? Multiple tests all about the same... Rebooted, to no avail.
The one thing bacon doesn't make better.
Hey Google, remind me to not go shopping in the UK with Seong.
RT Flight attendant: Is there a doctor onboard? Dad: that should've been you Me: Not now Dad Dad: Not asking for a Deve…
RT Follow this tutorial to enhance your request using a custom replyTo destination and the Solace Websockets API.
Well hello 👋👋
UP and Brave are my favourites by far. Thank you for sharing your story.
Yep. I've never heard an explanation of what it is that totally makes sense. Just sounds terrible.
RT It's time for another Quick Solace Byte with our #Developer Advocate 👨‍💻 Watch Aaron demo the #publishandsub…
RT Check out my latest I'm really proud of my consistency this time 'round. Thanks,
Great list of things we all can do to defend our democracy, many of which are crazy simple.
Even with the fun stuff... Still not a spa...
Me thinks you've been going to the massage therapist
RT What are the facts about the case against President Trump? reports
After Pulse: What's After DevRel? #devrel #community
Looking forward to DevRelCon London 2019 #devrel
RT "Democracy, which depends on shared truths, is in retreat, and autocracy, which depends on shared lies, is on the march." --…
Happens to me all the time while traveling at conferences and such. Same convo, rinse and repeat.
RT Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's ruling: "Today, this Court adds that this conclusion is inescapable precisely because compu…
One advantage of watching this #KUbball game on the hotel bar tv with the sound off is that I don't have to listen to Bill Walton"s commentary. He's like Guiliani, but for basketball.
Had an awesome time building this sandcastle with the family today. It even survived a high tide (the last two pics are taken after the high tide), and we shall see if it survives overnight!
RT Yet another reflection of Trump's warped view of our military and his own supporters. He thinks he's showing loyalty, sup…
Maybe I would find out I was hired? Lol
RT “Presidents are not kings”
RT Going to Vegas next week for #awsreinvent? Stop by booth 4013 in the Venetian to chat APIs with the team. An…
Congratulations!!!
Favourite Petty song... #FreeFalling
And for more reading...
This ruling should snowball, forcing Mulvaney, Pompeo, and Bolton to testify. This is huge, and a solid upholding of the rule of law and checks and balances.
Yasss!! Chicken fried steak and garden hose water. Better in Kansas (at least the garden hose water) than anywhere else!
OH: "They say a window is a reflection into your soul...."
RT A general rule of thumb. Trust more those who testify under threat of perjury than those who issue statements through spokes…
RT Coming to #DevRelCon? and I are kicking off the Wed afternoon unconference with Common Pitfalls &amp; L…
Good bit...
How different is this than the weekday Fox &amp; Friends hosts?
RT An unfortunate resignation that speaks volumes.
Seen the first three episodes of #TheMandalorian and for the most part I'm pretty happy. A bit slow, but I love the sequencing, and the way it presents the scenes and new episodes reminds me of something I can't quite put my finger on, but I like.
The shells are _so much_ better
RT Thank you for being an awesome audience. Here are the resources for breaking into #DevRel: 📚slides:
RT If you've been holding off on grabbing a copy of the #DevRelbook, now's your chance! It's part of the Cyber Monday…
RT You have 6 days left to submit to the #Community DevRoom CFP! We're looking forward to hearing from people on a variety of t…
I have much of the same frustration. Remember I grew up ultra conservative...
Absolutely, not without its issues. The patriarchical oppression rings solidly and has to be called out. My point was that He is all of us.
Done.
Not silly at all. His entire bloodline is full of those who didn't quite fit the framework the religious said it should.
Donner Dinner Party is happening here on family vacation. OH: "Do you think cannibals have any friends?"
RT Much-needed reminder that some British people are OK
RT Hey, #devrel twitter! I'm looking for some kind of content management system. Where I can put ideas for content as they o…
I honestly never thought I would live to see the day when the American government, much less a single party, would sell themselves, and our Democracy, out to the Russians for $reasons and parrot talking points which benefit Russia and not us.
Happy Birthday !!
Trello, Asana, etc are good options as well, but it's been my experience that if they aren't part of my normal workflow I won't end up using them long-term
The logic is mildly sound...
LET'S GO #ManUtd !
RT GOOOAAALLLLL!! nets our equaliser!! #MUFC #SHUMUN
RT Our young left-back fired home brilliantly to half the deficit and get us back in this! Meanwhile, Ole has made our second ch…
Agreed here. One of my favourite sci-fi shows on television right now, especially since Killjoys is now done, and thankful Prime picked it up.
This is the content I'm really here for
So maybe testify and discuss the critical national security issues we have with a President, along with House and Senate Republicans, spouting the Kremlin talking points and disinformation in the lead up to those same elections of which you speak. #JohnBolton
Oh you're spot on. Great reference! They play that role well.
That looks amazing. I don't remember the dishes I had when I spent 2 weeks in New Delhi, but they were delightful!
Perfect. Will take me that long to psych myself up for it.
Go somewhere else.
Yup. And they'd have crucified Him again.
Challenge accepted. Along with your biscuits.
Literally laughing out loud in this hotel pool. Mad respect.
I feel like this should happen
Yes. Agreed. Black beans and pinto beans only.
Umm... How much time do you have?
Not completely agreeing there... I like a good green bean, but that's really about it.
Lima beans, or butter beans, are terrible. Don't @ me.
My view the next few days
Yeah a fun list of unpopular food opinions in that thread! 🤣😂 If I was going to unfollow someone strictly on their food opinions I would have a huge list 🤩
Wait.... You were in the military? How do I not know this? Also, thank you for your service!
A great opportunity for under-represented groups!
RT On #LSSC tonight: Mike Pompeo wants to go home.
RT NYT: "The secretary of the Navy and the admiral who leads the SEALs have threatened to resign or be fired if plans to expel…
Agreed, and the last for me was "American Idiot" by Green Day. The whole album is an experience, from song-to-song, with even a Broadway musical made out of it.
Marines &gt; all the rest
I endorse this vindication.
Oh well ok then
There's also ... Not sure how I feel about these...
Going to need a second opinion.... 😂🤣😂🤣
Today I learned that Nirvana's cover of "Where Did You Sleep Last Night" is of the song "In the Pines" and dates back to the late 1800s in Appalachia.
So a karaoke drive-in. Sounds fantastic!
And flavoured with "pumpkin spice"
Oh it's fantastic
RT BREAKING: State Department releases Ukraine documents to American Oversight Documents show links between Pompeo, Giuli…
Duck Soup is awesome... My favourite though is Horse Feathers
RT Great piece of reportage: Fiona Hill, cold-eyed patriot, debunker of conspiracy theories – a heroine for our times
He'll be golfing the whole weekend making money for himself at the taxpayer's expense.
Kansas sunsets are awesome, especially on the prairie.
RT If you are a woman who does technical work for a living and have been told you're not technical enough, please retweet. Sam…
I haven't logged in since January... Going to delete, but means I need to login...
RT 🤩ITS HERE! The 2020 Community Industry Trends Report is now live! - 58% are building cmty online and offline - 88%…
"Admins"... Geez autocorrect (and Twitter lack of edit)
Go home plane... You're drunk.
Not to mention the "hope" that workspace Adkins would deal with it.
Are you hitting up DevRelCon? Even if not, I'll be in London that whole week and we need to get together again.
So sorry for your loss Tom ♥️. Hugs from my family to you and Cinnamon.
. is awesome!
RT Interested in moving out of #DevRel or looking for an adjacent role? We talked to 3 extremely successful people who di…
He won't tell the truth because #GymJordan doesn't seem to know how to. Also, maybe he should tell the truth about the wrestling kids he knew were getting assaulted and he looked the other way.
Congrats on a great, new move!
The Dinner Dinner Party is delightfully morbid and fun for the entire family.
Vacation here we come.
RT and I are experimenting on an UnTalk format. You tell US what to discuss. Check out the thread and…
this is fantastic, and admittedly sounds a lot like stand-ups I have been a part of
This might be the greatest interview I have seen in a long time. Rugby's version of every Yogi Berra interview. It's fantastic.
RT All of us to Chidi this whole episode and for all eternity. ❤️ #TheGoodPlace
RT ‼️ #THEGOODPLACE SPOILER ALERT ‼️ They did it. They found each other again. 🥺💞
RT #TheGoodPlace
RT Welcome back buddy, we missed you. #TheGoodPlace
"Here's the thing with stuff.. you can look at a problem from every angle, and drive yourself crazy, but sometimes you just need to huck a molotov cocktail at a drone and see what happens." -Jason on #TheGoodPlace
It's about time....
RT "In the highest-stake case, she was the best possible witness, and beneath her steely surface one could see a patriot wh…
Only 5? Did you try a reindex?
And make sure he takes care of Woody
The sole purpose of automatic handwashing water spouts is to make you look like an idiot
I suspect Bruno is in on it, and this is only a ploy to further entrench Woody
SO another form of collusion and contamination of the witness pool. Exactly the same as if Gotti, his advisors, and his lawyers met with members of the jury ahead of the trial to plan their strategy to make sure he gets acquitted. Why am I not surprised? #impeachment
You know who you're talking to, right?
Have you tried a coyote suit?
RT If you want to build a community that meets organizational needs, you must first be aware of and focus on individual needs ~…
RT Google's Open Source Programs Office ( is supporting 30 places at #DevRelCon London 2019 for people from under-repr…
RT Really awesome blog post on how to figure out #devrel budgets. I really appreciate the quantification and real world example…
Dr. Hill is a Patriot and understands what it means to stand for what's right. #ImpeachmentHearing
This. So much this. Dr. Hill slaps the GOP across the face with a wet 🐡 and Nunes and Co. continue to spout Russian propaganda.
But 👏 it 👏 is 👏 just 👏 so 👏 difficult 👏 not 👏 to
Creating high quality communities #devrel
This is awesome news from and
No, we don't.
It was spelled FOR him phonetically. I doubt he wrote any of that, it's too neat.
Only one option...
Ahh, Canadian Thanksgiving.
Jess....
Fair. They aren't.
So you have self-selected in this poll
Interesting thought...
A neighbor has their Christmas tree up in their front, bay window. It's a week before Thanksgiving. Poll.
Narrator: No, he doesn't. He's suing a cow.
RT Work with they said. It’s a simple video, they said. It’ll be fun, they said. 🤦‍♀️
RT With a background in community building that morphed into DevRel, you'd better believe I'm excited to hear what
The Logitech Spotlight Advanced remote has a handy vibration mode to let you know when you're getting low on time, and then when you're out.
Even better is when you find out the previous homeowner made modifications and squashed the commits without documentation and realise nothing is as it seems.
*snort*
The mental gymnastics the GOP is currently going through, via #GymJordan, to distance themselves from the very witnesses they requested be called is amazing. Maybe that's why they keep asking Jordan to question since he's good at overlooking facts and looking the other way.
Dude! We gonna be rich!
Is it just me, or does #DevinNunes keep repeating the same drivel for each of his opening statements? #ImpeachmentHearings
RT If we all have learned ONE thing, it is that our tech and open source world is all about people. People first, technology se…
"All roads lead to Putin..."
RT Jackie Speier was shot five times at Jonestown and played dead for a full day to save her own life, go ahead, try to f…
Mind-boggling how the GOP just turns time over to #GymJordan
RT Essential Docker Commands #technology #docker #containers via
Well noted.
Very good thread from a Conservative, recognising what the #ImpeachmentHearing means in a broader sense which is larger than Trump, the GOP, or the Democrats.
What's After DevRel? (Ep 42) #devrel #community
Really looking forward to this session at #DevRelCon! Visit the thread for more info and to vote on what we discuss. It's YOUR session!
Agreed.
The look shared between Nunes and the GOP counsel speaks volumes.
That is a fair take.
This is what all of our elected officials should be doing. Right now very few are. That is the sad state of our democracy.
The WH wouldn't cop to him having it though, and would just say it was a routine procedure.
That throne has delicious egg nog for breakfast.
I don't know who needs to hear this (of course me), but either one of these are good breakfast options.
RT "I don’t think we should be getting rid of centralized API portals and catalogs for companies, but I am questioning the b…
Wow... Someone's not going down with the ship. #ImpeachmentHearings
RT . We hold you in udder contempt.
I see you met Ted.
RT Here's that closing statement from Schiff, via ABC. It's worth a watch. "My Republicans colleagues, all they seem to be…
Great job - though I don't think you've had enough whipped cream.
My mom follows me... Selectively... Rest of the family has me blocked.
My daughter is doing hand motions to the chorus of "Living on a Prayer". My work here is done.
Yep, totally me as well.
Hah, no it's my fault since I mentioned them first because I confuse them and Splunk.
Yeah, sorry y'all for the excitement! It was Splunk, not Snyk. I am always mixing them up, and I don't really know why.
That's Snyk and Isovalent in the last 3 months. Wow.
RT Embarrassed Man Accidentally Says ‘Hello’ To Coworker Instead Of ‘I Feel Like Crying All The Time’ ht…
YESSSS
I enjoy tasting BBQ all over the world 😀
Well, at least beers. BBQ is here in KC and Texas 😜🤣
Excellent!
Also, your tweeted reply gets the 2nd slide of the talk
"Transgressive and heretical" was my name in college
Hope so! At least that's the plan
Me too lol
Same Jos! Chicago seems so long ago
Same Oleg!
Ooohhhh... Conference after party? SCaLE21x event?
Will do - just gotta sort out the job and funding lol
Well, looks like I'm finally heading to #FOSDEM!!! Who else is gonna be there?
I've entertained ideas about a food truck many times, and it'll probably end up being my "get out of tech" solution at some point.
Have used them in the past and they were ok then, but haven't used them for awhile.
Wow, it's already been 3 years! Great job by and the team! Keep up the good work!
RT “Here, right matters.” — Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman. Amen.
What on earth? #DevinNunes just insults both the witnesses and says "tv ratings are down, but don't take it personal". This is the same guy suing a cow. #ImpeachmentHearings
If only they would release an Android app so the rest of us could experience the app
RT Self-justification is a universal destroyer of harmony and of love. It sets man against man, nation against nation. By it,…
RT The President’s son says Lt. Col Vindman is not a soldier, but instead a “low level bureaucrat.” Junior is 41. With an a…
RT Solace #PubSub+ is now available on 👏 Check out this blog from to learn how this will…
RT Remember, folks! Tomorrow is my AMA. I will post the link to the AMA link tomorrow on my social accounts at 8am Paci…
Totally....
RT Hello, all my wonderful #speaker friends. I am working on building out the #kcdc2020 CFP page in It's c…
Man don't rush it... I've rushed back from all of my ankle injuries over the years and I regretted it each time. I still did it again, but I still regretted it.
And he's just playing to their base (Trump, FoxNews, viewers)...
So let me get this straight. You have the two witnesses to a crime sitting right in front of you, &amp; you want to hear from someone who heard about the crime &amp; reported it because they're the real criminal? Makes sense then that you're suing a fake cow Twitter account (
RT Let's say you're on a team which has the task of deciding what testing framework to use for the end-to-end testing of a new ap…
I don't know who needs to hear this, but it is OK to stay in your pajamas all day. Whether or not your boss approves of it, however, is a different story.
RT Planning to be in London for #DevRelCon (or already live in the UK)? I’ll be talking metrics &amp; goals at the trainings on th…
Congrats! Can't wait to see the great things you'll do!
RT “We often find that different people across the industry or even across the company are working on the same thing and they j…
I also started receiving spam
Such a great thread!
I have a feeling you'll both get on well
Yeah they do. My son blew out his ankle just before summer conditioning and wasn't cleared to full speed until a few weeks before school (and tryouts) started.
Glitter is of the devil and his minions.
Breakfast first day: Biscuits and gravy Dinner first night: Chicken fried steak with gravy and corn Breakfast 2nd day: Chicken fried steak, roasted potatoes with leftover gravy, and cinnamon rolls
I love camping with Boy Scouts
That's awesome! Congrats! Be aware of that crazy character
I thought the AG was supposed to be non-partisan
Would you prefer sexy Socrates?
8 out of 10 doctors say that you will need one of these by age 50
So jealous...
Seems to me like they're making a statement which I could get behind
Triple bonus if you're both wearing unicorn horns and giving the middle finger
You misspelled #GymJordan
Another day left on this. Would love to get as much feedback as possible. Please RT for reach.
That is what I am here for.
RT I’m sorry if some people think these hearings are boring. As American citizens we have a solemn obligation to pay attentio…
Well, is there?
It does however lead to some laughter.
RT The #devopsdays NYC CFP is now open. Please send us your ideas for the March 3-4, 2020 event. #d…
RT Michael Flynn George Papadopoulos Michael Cohen Paul Manafort Roger Stone All the President’s men are convicted criminal…
I have missed today's hearing so far and not sure I will be able to see much of the rest of it. Anything noteworthy so far, other than it being acknowledged that the president was live witness tampering?
RT Failing fast is important but requires a good solution and a chance to try again. #QConSF
What would you say makes up a really useful one?
RT I've been thinking about this a ton for developer facing companies that were founded after 2010 I'd love examples because…
I have never seen so many missed field goals so far in a season, and we are only half way through
What the....
Oh I have no doubt. I would subscribe to that podcast/mailing list. Probably already do to be honest.
Did you check for snake?
The GOP thinks/believes/knows their base is stupid enough that they keep peddling the lie that the Democrats are trying to "overturn the results of the 2016 election." If that were true, they'd be trying to instill the popular vote WINNER. They aren't. The GOP is lying.
RT Micro cultures spring up within companies from the C-suites down. If the leaders have unique enough leadership styles, a co…
RT George Kent smacked down the GOP conspiracy theory that Ukraine (not Russia) interfered in the 2016 election
RT One week today, I will be doing my Ask Me Anything on Wed 20th November 2019 at 8.30am Pacific / 11.30am Eastern. To…
Totally an industry-specific thing for sure!
Poll: As a developer, do you care about a company's data sheets on their product/service/software to either download or receive at conferences? RT for reach please.
RT GitHub Actions for Azure is now generally available #Announcements #azure
When you can't attack the story, attack the messenger. And their base will eat it up.
Finally. Will be very useful.
So ready for this movie.
Because #GymJordan is loud, arrogant, ignores facts, and looks the other way when abuse and lawlessness is happening
Good on you / / /
Pancakes will do that.
Somehow, you've gone further than I did. That's a first.
I've lived an accomplished life.
We are hiring a Web Team Manager at If you're excited about using #Netlify and #JAMstack, then this could be the role for you! My DMs are open if you have any questions!
I don't know? Maybe something to do with the ingredients of the mix?
Helen.
Bwahahaha
I feel seen.
It is what it is...
And sometimes you need chapstick on the other end. I feel like we've unlocked some hidden portal to chapstick pancake goodness.
Nope. Said tweet I saw earlier and loved it.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but sometimes, ok, all the times, when I eat pancakes, my farts smell like pancakes.
So excited to see this talk from Matt! A great way to lay out incident response and what we can learn using the Avengers!
RT David Attenborough and Greta Thunberg's plea for the planet 🌍 📺 #ClimateChange #watch #act
I'm hoping you followed that up by asking for a full-stack internet connection
Rep. Welch spitting shade.... says the person who started the whole #ImpeachmentHearings can come in and testify at any time - Trump is free to come and testify.
Count me in.
#GymJordan also seemingly left his suit coat in the OSU wrestler locker room
Kent just had one of the best quotes so far... "You can't promote principled anti-corruption actions without pissing off corrupt people."
The GOP loves to yield to #GymJordan in committee because he badgers, ignores facts, redirects, and plays to Fox News and Donald Trump and their viewers/base.
Well deserved, and long overdue!
It's the only look #GymJordan has
#GymJordan is a beloved member of the GOP's smear and redirection campaign as he has a history of ignoring facts and actions
"I’m going to surround myself only with the best and most serious people" -DJT
RT As is his tendency when someone reports a crime
MRW when the company finally announces they are getting rid of #CrapEx
And don't forget he has sued a fake cow satire Twitter account
Because it is all they have and what they know will foment their base.
Likely...
I just liked a tweet by Ann Coulter. I'm as shocked as you are.
Thank you mate! Much appreciated.
Man, they _really_ want to know who the whistleblower is.
Oh that's more than I've seen in the past. Going to have to make a trip down there.
I would like to say I'm shocked that #DevinNunes would draw a conclusion that Dems were the ones colluding with Russia b/c the Steele Dossier (which was actually initially started @ request of Republicans, but facts don't matter, remember) relied on Russian sources. But I'm not.
RT The latest GitPitch SLIDE BITES video tutorial 🎞️ is now available. This tutorial introduces SNAP LAYOUTS. Create custom slid…
Lately we've been going to Union Station, but Crown Center has always been a favourite.
I know right? Like every good question of this magnitude must give flexibility to do all and not just one!
30seconds into the #ImpeachmentInquiry and the GOP has already interrupted - and we're not even to the opening statement.
I'm taking the coaches exam to coach my son's recreational basketball team, and I feel like this question is supposed to have multiple choices...
RT Y’all. Stephen Miller was hired precisely because he’s a white nationalist.
DevOps is really about to go to bed early tonight so I can get the money
#ShesNotWrong #WhatDidIJustSay
RT CAN'T. STOP. WATCHING. 😲#SCtop10
Daughter: "Oh there's the new coffee shop someone said was really good!" Me: "I'll be the judge of that!" D sarcastically: "Oh because you're the coffee expert..." Me:
#adulring in the best ways possible
In case you were on the fence about Miller being who he is, here you go. There is literally no way to defend this scum.
Oh FFS. They deserve each other.
I too wish this would happen. I've been calling out the Evangelicals for years now and I feel so alone sometimes.
Intro to Progressive Web Apps (PWA)
Ultimately this is what Clinton was impeached for... Lying under oath, and obstruction of Justice. I don't have any faith in the GOP Senators to _not_ be hypocrites and to vote Trump guilty.
RT Want to get over a big idea or concept? Build key messages: (1) draft single page with 3-5 key messages, (2) 1 x para each w…
Ahh so I can wait a few months.
I haven't signed up yet, but the roll up option of Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+ for $12.99 makes a lot of sense, especially since I already have the ESPN+. Probably will after the Boy Scout campout this weekend... Can't have the rest of the family getting a jump on The Mandalorian.
This. Is. The. Best. Burn. Ever.
Yay! Congratulations and they're lucky to have you!
Just got "People Powered" by in the mail today... Can't wait to get into it!
RT Python took the silver from Java this year, becoming the #2 most popular programming language on GitHub by repository contribut…
RT Breaking: In a blow to gun industry, the Supreme Court won’t stop a lawsuit brought by Sandy Hook victims’ families against…
Spot on. #hugops to the #DisneyPlus team.
RT One of the most important, but not specifically targeted, aspects of developer relations us making sure developers are *confi…
New favourite teamwork gif
Thanks mate! I appreciate it!
It's all the rage. The new bar sport.
#blamemary makes its return
You could always start yelling everything you're doing. Play-by-play sake drinking.
Also, #karaoke. Mary has committed to participating.
This is a great deal...
It's Mary's fault
Perfect. Go there. Great idea!
On second thought, don't forget Humphry Slocombe for dessert.
Oh that's a great idea.
Wish I could. Maybe next year!
Chattanooga is one of my faves. Spent a lot of my summer's there growing up.
He is not wrong, and it should be applied to all La Croix.
Yep, which is a valid choice. Or peaches and cream.
OH: "I'm gluten-fluid"
Exactly. With Trump we've done nothing but capitulate to Russia, giving them everything they want.
There's nothing funnier than seeing Boy Scouts putting together their food plan for a campout and arguing about breakfast options... Which were Assorted Oatmeal packets or one specific kind.
#alicethebeagle wants food (it's too early) so she's hoping some spills from the stove where I'm cooking fried chicken and pasta (it won't)
I'll go as well - you need someone to document and keep the popcorn coming.
/me spits my beer out on the bartender in front of me
Goal: be as relaxed as this pup in the tub
RT in case anyone missed this from a couple years ago mandatory password changes don't improve security (and they can ha…
I would say I am shocked... But... Yeah, no.
Congrats to the team!
How to lose a dev in three ways #devrel
This is a great opportunity for Mary, and a great move for Camunda!
Fantastic news! You're going to rock this!
On this #VeteransDay I want to thank all of the veterans who have served, and in many cases gave their lives, and those who still do. Their sacrifices will not be forgotten.
RT Calling all Open Source remote workers, I've setup a social chat for us all to use to connect to other humans during our work…
Why should you ever have to decide?
It truly is the only solution. You can buy a new house.
Sweet bomber jacket! Looking good!
Sounds like a solid web series... Advertise whatever is happening in that city and call to say Hi! Would of course have to pack the trench coat and fedora, but ◉‿◉
The number of Congressmen who either a) haven't read the Constitution, or b) are deliberately lying to their constituents, is appalling and generally just a serious indictment on the state of our Democracy.
Finally allowed us to board... And of course mass pandemonium again as everyone queued up and going multiple directions at once. But I'm now in my seat. Finally. Worst boarding experience I think I've ever had, at least since my last CDG experience. I'm going to sleep.
Finally through the self-boarding turnstiles... And now stopped at another barrier up the jetway. Only place I've seen this is at CDG.
Gate agents aren't much better at this point. Can't seem to get the sectioning of the boarding groups right...
Seriously? 3 dogs?
I'm at CDG and getting a bit salty at the behaviour of some of these travelers.
Total Eclipse of the Heart
That would be fantastic! I'm arriving around 1150 and leaving around 1310
Today: CPH ✈️ CDG ✈️ ATL ✈️ MCI Will be glad to be home until #devrelcon
Give it time. I'm personally waiting to hear "For the 1000th time...."
Those shoes.. do they serve an orthopedic function?
Sex is cool but have you ever need to get to know them and get into the back of the hotel and then we can take a look at the best way to get to know them and get into the back of the hotel.... (it's in a loop... I broke it)
I knew it! Jeremy and I are twins!!!
RT It’s not even Thanksgiving but I already see the “War On Christmas” is back on the radar. For those unaware, it’s this thi…
So proud. Go forth and prosper.
I tried and now I'm having to reply to this tweet by using my nose to hit the voice input button as my fingers are stuck in my shoe strings. Send help.
RT Fall of the Berlin Wall: Read the story first published on Nov. 9, 1989, and see photos when East Germany announced it was open…
Correct. And communities don't have to accept them and keep them around. It's really that simple.
I really can't even....
Helligaandskirken in Copenhagen at night, #nofilter #OnePlus7TSeries
Hah, hardly. I snapped the pic as I was blinking.
Looks like the Tivoli Gardens amusement park in Central Copenhagen is a bit saucy. 👏👏
The simple, and really the only, answer is because he is in the GOP and a white dude.
A lot of old, white men seem to be writing letters to distort facts these days. #UncleBobIsNotMickey
#UncleBobIsNotMickey
We don’t have to struggle, it doesn’t have to get worse to get better. If you see those symptoms, don’t let it get worse. It’s not how you fix things. Do it for YOU. YOU are worthy of love and respect, health, peace, and joy. - at
Advocating for yourself is so fucking difficult, so keep in mind: - You also don’t have to share all the details - Do be direct &amp; have an ask in mind - Stay positive &amp; goal focused - Expect loyalty &amp; give loyalty in return - at
You’re the most valuable resource and you need to begin to take care of YOU. There are ways to mitigate the lack of Self Care, Pro Help, Community/Workplace Care - take steps to figure out what you need to let your brain figure out you’re safe. - at
Anything that you find that if you don’t do this thing, and you can’t function or can’t feel human or chance of harm - that’s addiction and you need to TAKE CARE OF YOU. - at
On average, 1 in 5 IT professionals has gone through being addicted to prescription pain meds. We respond to problems with bug fixes, patches… And we work in high stress jobs which take away all of our ability to function. - at
80% of us are currently or in the last year show signs of burnout and don’t look out for ourselves. Alcohol &amp; substance abuse is something we don’t recognize. 1 in 10 of IT professionals are somewhere on the spectrum of abuse and addiction. - at
About 70% of us live with depression - which is the inability to take care of what you need to take care of, except in an emergency - and even that becomes a challenge. - at
We choose to live in the constant demands on us without allowing our bodies to go into Rest and Digest so it can get rid of the toxins and dead cells, etc. How does this make sense? How is sustainable? You can’t be at your best this way. - at
Nowadays, our fight or flight is fucked because of all of the tech we’ve created to fix the tech we created to solve the tech we tried to fix because we created tech… We get anxious immediately when we look at our phones. Our stress goes 📈 - at
Fight or flight has helped us humans, along with thumbs of course, to survive as long as we have. When our brains realize we’re safe though, the adrenaline drops and your body goes back to rest mode - which is a lot of work for your body + mind - at
Burnout is the friend that shows up without being asked, and always brings their friends Depression and Anxiety - who also aren’t invited. Your body knows to trigger the fight or flight emotion, and triggers all sorts of chemical reactions - at
Val hates seeing people make decisions that don’t benefit them, and identified 5 main things which harm engineers. With all of the talk about having engineers who perform optimally, let’s assume that if we are broken how are we going to do that? - at
Last talk of is one of my dear, dear friends with “The Software Doesn’t Develop Itself” She starts with talking about who she is, not what she’s done. This will be a very personal, vulnerable talk.
The emphasis for the switch to Dagger was his desire to get away from YAML and GROOVY and use Go. He can specify the entire process (test, build, deploy, publish) in a Go function and then interact with his CI system to roll with it - at
With Dagger’s “daggerverse” you can integrate all of your building blocks, functions, modules, etc. into other modules and let you pipeline chain all the functions together locally or in your CI - at
After a few weeks, our dev environments take on a life (and data stream) of their own.. and then a year later our workflows become bloated and you start “pushing and praying” Enter - at
Next to last talk at is to talk about the famous words “Well, it works on my machine!” and how we can avoid ‘push and pray’ by using Dagger Immediately chooses violence with “YAML is a pain… and you know it!”
The whole process was simplified by a dev portal that didn’t require needing to duplicate all of the code that you already created, and then present on a screen information from a file. Pretty cool demonstration of how to provide a good #devex - at
By integrating with github actions, Argo, etc. with the input gathered from the dev who wants a service via Port, he is able to get the resources created and then Crossplane starts running what it needs to. All through APIs and a sane portal setup. - at
Being able to get the schema from a connection created in he can visualize the full set of services that he would have to work through YAML to build the config. He can also create templates to gather input from devs for the service. - at
Ditto
So, looking for the general feeling on this as part of an interview process: "Take-home coding exercise of no more than 4 hours and then ideally return it within 1-2 weeks" If you read this as part of a role, how many hours do you actually think it's going to take?
Oh, really....?
RT 🙌 83 sales away from 2000 copies of Design for Developers sold The eBook is 50% off again today in Manning's deal of the day…
Oh gosh yes. Haven't had those at BK in so long, my mouth literally watering now thinking about them.
Also, treat yo self afterwards! I had a delicious Whopper afterwards 😅🤣 Of course I had taken it from both ends getting a colonoscopy and an endoscopy at the same time, so I felt that needed a reward.
Good luck on the colonoscopy. The prep sucks. If you're doing the powder (which I did), mixing it with gatorade really helped. But choose a flavor you're never going to drink again, because you'll likely never want that again.
Just seeing these and following along! ❣️ Amazing and so glad it went well and seems you're recovering (and that all the things that make you who we all love are operating fully!), and YAY!!!!!
My hometown #DevOpsDays has opened up the CFP! Who's gonna submit and join me in KC?
Nope. So I'm gonna just GenX it till I can't anymore.
No better way
If you're a referee you gotta be able to take criticism. Giving 2 yellows for dissent in 10sec for an obvious bad call (especially when VAR actually stops play to ask you WTF you were thinking) is absurd. I guess PL thinks MLS refs are too good? #LIVMAN
One of my favourite Star Wars movies
RT Uncle Bob was probably not a creation of Walt Disney, but to be honest I can’t be sure of anything anymore #UncleBobIsNot…
Never ceases to amaze me
Thank 10 women and keep it going. These 10 have amazing people, both in the jobs they do, and the people they are.
This bugs the sh!t out of me every time, especially when they have to repeat it for each language.
Yes, and that's the core of their decision around the CoC. The right call.
Yep. It's a fun hack that I use on occasion.
And all the people complaining about 'due process'... I can't even with them anymore. The complete lack of a brain around these things pisses me off to no end.
Concepts like due process are fantastic ones. They also don't apply here. It's not a legal matter, it's _literally_ their own decision who they allow based on _the entire_ issue, not what Bob has chosen to make it about.
Yeah, just keep the shovel and saw by the front door with a big black bag next to it, ala Very Bad Things. You'll be fine.
RT There’s a huge problem with the phrase “Net Worth”. My worth is much more than my collection of assets. And so is yours.
And has the added benefit of making you extra gassy on the plane
That's great news!
Yep at Øredev. Flying out of CPH tomorrow! *Waves back!*
That's gonna leave a mark
Us GenX'ers defined. Perfectly.
This is great news given the sad bit about Skillsmatter
Why not both?
RT Putting 👏 iOS 👏 Designs 👏 into 👏 a 👏 Zeplin 👏 project 👏 with 👏 Android 👏 in 👏 the 👏 name 👏 does 👏 not 👏 make 👏 it 👏 an 👏 And…
Happy Anniversary you two! That's awesome!
The Office or Arrested Development
We are #winfluencers h/t
Great new feature I am going to have to mess around with when I finally get around to updating my personal website.
RT Read the 6th Amendment again, specifically the words “criminal trial.” Impeachment is not a criminal trial. There may one…
RT To not believe in cultural appropriation is equivalent to not believing in colonialism in general. It’s the exact same concept,…
RT The fact that there's even a discussion in media today about whether is too "angry and antagonistic" to be ele…
Oh yes... Going to have to work on a talk!
RT During Mueller, some R’s said, there was no collusion with Russia, b/c Trump too incompetent to be capable of it. Now, som…
That's looking like a potential DevRelCon thing...
Shirt I wore 2 days previous.
Let's just say it *kinda* looked like this. No one needs to see that.
Yup. "Unisex are Men's shirts" is a thing I consistently tell vendors when I ask if they have female size shirts.
No. Also, 👇👇👇👇.
TMW you put on the company t-shirt you chose to wear specifically for the talk you're giving, and find out you chose your wife's shirt. Which doesn't fit. At all.
You forgot: "- the #oxfordcomma"
One of these days I am going to have to attend
Another bankruptcy coming?
RT What language knocked Java out of the #2 spot? Where is open source growing fastest? How deep do dependencies really go? All…
That's just an amazing amount of bullshit
So I should stop signing books randomly at book stores?
I love meeting old and new people at conferences!
Updated version of one of my favourite talks that gives
She embodies empathy like few I've seen in this industry. Lucky to know her and call her friend.
Metrics for the sake of metrics are no metrics at all
I'm on fire at #oredev2019
You flying in or out? If in, Cuvee Coffee is good, and might have some other suggestions.
You are buying coffee in the wrong place mate
RT There are still a few more folks to add, but the majority of the speaker list for the new #continuousdelivery…
I still laugh when I think about the WebEx engineer who was surprised that people had issues with WebEx and that there was a #CrapEx name for it.
That's a stretch, don't you think?
100%.
Best wishes!
Lol I did the same before I saw what you had written
Ready for talk on the history of cryptography at #oredev2019
Happy Birthday #MUFC
#Adulting ftw
Regurgitating what your wife says to you means she gets most of the royalties.
RT We are so happy to have here at #oredev for the first time! Swing by their booth, have a nice chat about #devops,…
At #oredev2019, is dropping knowledge on #GIF animations and what we should serve on the web instead. Also, he's pronouncing GIF correctly.
That's a proper dinner with awesome people.
Because DevRel touches many orgs (product, support, engineering, etc) it really should be its own org. If you have a developer product, you are the most likely to come in contact with the target, and as such needs to reflect that. Baring that, Product is a solid place to rest.
I tend to agree here. Product is the likely best spot for most organisations.
Already getting FOMO and it's not even the conference!
This.
And I'm not disappointed
Fantastic speaker dinner at Øredev... "Variation on rooster" has me all intrigued and ready. The pumpkin soup was fantastic... Here's to the 🐓 variation...
RT Transcripts from Ambassadors Sondland and Volker show the progression of Trump's efforts to press Ukraine into the servi…
RT "Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else." —
Definitely half-assed. It was discussed when it came out in another Twitter thread about how this *shows* that the person hid tweets, which on the surface is informative, but also can amplify abuse against someone who took steps to remove abusive comments that Twitter won't.
For reading comprehension, finish the context "whistleblower complaint". You're deliberately taking out of context in order to shape a narrative. Read the Constitution around "right to confront your accuser", which is in a court of law for criminal proceedings. Impeachment isn't.
RT Are you at #Oredev2019 in #Malmö? Come by the Solace booth and ask our team why your #DigitalTransformation needs an #eve…
Awesome speaker gift at #oredev2019, donating a bike via on my behalf. Thank you!
In addition, spending time (no matter how short) at a conference with #devrel friends and is icing on the cake!
It's great running into people you didn't know were going to be at a conference! This time it was !!
RT A Democrat defeated one of the most unpopular Republicans in the country in a statewide election in Kentucky. This year,…
RT dear white friends, it might feel "weird" to give extra attention to/amplify black and brown voices. like maybe you feel it'…
RT Aaaand we are LIVE – a big welcome to everyone, we can't wait to dig into everything from ML biases to Micro frontends over the…
Challenge accepted! I now nominate and !!
Glad you're back Sonia! White people in general suck at talking about race... Their collective ass sphincter pucker effect is insane and sadly predictable.
Psyched for the 15th Anniversary of #oredev2019
Good morning Malmö! It's time for day one of #oredev2019!
RT The scene outside the WH...
"A Step-by-Step Guide to Hosting Inclusive Developer Meetups or Events In Your Office" by #DEVcommunity
"Meet these open source alternatives to 🤦‍♀️🙅‍♀️" by #DEVcommunity
"How do I exit?"
Guarding the sausages.
They're just hanging around for their own, special day
You got this, and I'll be right there with you!
And upon creation, he said "Here is DevOps, if you can keep it."
You have a habit of getting that look....
It is, however, a great way to discover all the cuts you didn't previously know you had
RT If you're a manager (or aspire to be one), this thread is an amazing resource of tips on how to be a good manager as well a…
Because of yellow and blue
RT I wrote an article about these very questions:
RT Are you interested in speaking at conferences but kind of intimidated? I wrote some words about this a while ago, and may…
I'm heading to Malmö and #oredev2019! Come say hi!
#ICanSeeYouDoingThisAndCacklingTheWholeWay
You only need the bag to make it home. So the cheapest bag to hold the most stroopwafel, err I mean fabric, possible.
Correct usage. Might need more.
RT Be sure to RSVP to the user group in #NYC on 11/14. I'll be giving a demo 👨‍💻 🔥 #eventdriven #eventmesh #eventp…
Even worse is when they are coming down the aisle and proceed to hit _everyone_ with the bag slung over their shoulder and they are oblivious or just don't care.
RT It's high time for #airlines to become #eventdriven. ✈️ Read our new blog to learn how to improve your airline's custome…
How much crime did a crime lord crime, if a crime lord did crime crimes?
Yep. Fallen into that trap a few times with some big names.
You're gonna rock it!
Ah, yeah. I won't retweet their idiocy and spread it. Instead I post a pic and it's there in case they decide to delete and claim they weren't an idiot.
RT PSA: When you question a woman (or other underrepresented group) about why they care about not getting recognition for th…
The nerve!
Reading this story and then the replies from people all over the world wishing this awesome kid a happy birthday has me in tears! If you have a moment, reply to the original tweet and send him some birthday wishes!
Happy Birthday Kade from Kansas! Wishing you the best 🎉 and know that people around the world love you ❤️! Here's our beagle Alice wishing you a Happy Birthday as well!
I'll be through there in 24hrs. Keep it classy.
RT Dear “American Christian”: Christ is not American. Christ didn’t say “Love America.” Christ said “Love your neighbor.” T…
I use it, and all the other things. ¯\_(⊙_ʖ⊙)_/¯
I love the slap on the wrist at the end... 🤣😂😅
and continue to show their utter lack of awareness around "the program is suspended" and then verifying people out of the blue. Or, maybe they are aware, and idiocy is the point.
Hmm, that seems extreme?
A slice or two? Six?
Like chocolate cake.
"Fun" is a personal unit of measurement. So if it's 6:1 full size, then so be it.
I take back what I said recently about reading comprehension being a lost art. Here we see a prime example of disconnection from reality. It's literally on video. Not one person's video, _multiple_ videos depicting it.
My biggest issue with Slack for communities is their continued lack (or removal) of community management tools, and losing history, etc. What hasn't been mentioned is which I haven't used in awhile but has good open source support and integration.
Hah was just going to recommend Dawn reach out to you!
We are hiring just about everything at Solace, including Remote. My DMs are open for anyone looking for my information on any of these!
Good thread on real leadership.
I was mistaken.
Truth. Also, bwahahahaha.
And don't forget apolitical.
Wow.. I thought for sure Discord was open source, but seems I was wrong.
Next karaoke song?
RT Take a moment to watch this: South Africa just won Rugby World Cup. Rugby was always a symbol of white minority rule. Siya…
Reading comprehension is a lost art, and it's not just in tech.
I have the original, and want the new one.
RT Alright, let's take a poll to see if there's a clear favorite. If there was a public group chat for remote workers (any role)…
So I chose Telegram given ease of use for everyone, but Discord is becoming more and more widely used, and is open source as well.
Let's see... Who benefits...? Oh, right. Russia.
My wife is the savior of unwanted plants
RT AG Barr's full-throttle effort to manufacture evidence to undermine Mueller's findings caused one UK official to say:…
Agreed. My #OnePlus7T took this in just normal mode but it was 8pm
Yep I remember that being a good article.
RT See my new piece: while banning political ads makes perfect sense, they still need to address a more challe…
Cultural appropriation. It's in style.
Don't neglect your developer documentation.
Yep. Agreed.
RT Make space for other people's opinions. #devopsdays
Yep and that's been my experience with support communities. If you have good docs, you have less reliance on community to solve a problem, meaning the community is a relationship source if they so choose to use it.
Yep, agreed. I'm not a stats guy, but totally agree that you can make them say anything. What's intriguing here is I think he's touching on something, but not sure it's strictly related to how difficult the product is.
Good short thread on communities and retention
RT . says that their first year or so of public speaking and community work was done on faith that th…
RT Community is only a mystery to those that don't understand the work that goes into building great relationships
RT Today’s the first day of open enrollment on and high-quality coverage might be more affordable th…
I don't even....
OH: #SABED
Geez, I am right there as well. Can even remember credit card numbers, but always have to double check my gate and seat.
Watching "The Nightmare Before Christmas" with my daughter. It's a great Halloween!
What? No. Wrong. Nope.
Oh that's amazeballs!! The Ood!!!
Which means all should have stayed. No sharing.
And FedEx them to me
Exactly. Kindred spirits we are.
No hold on here, Seong has a point. It's not going to eat itself.
RT Idea.
Too kind!
We have much lower than normal traffic this year.. a bit odd.
Would have been a waste. Worth it mind you. But a waste nonetheless.
But it's ok to run numerous Benghazi investigations, and then request (and allow) foreign governments to interfere. Got it. #hypocrisy on point
Doing the Lord's work.
Thank You.
Youngest (11yo) didn't want to put his costume back on to go trick or treating with his friend, so I told him to say when asked what he is dressed up as, "Our struggling democracy." Should be fine.
RT a thread on networking, because it's come up several times in my feed this morning and because it's something that totally baf…
I would maybe start with , and ?
Awesome band!
Ahh the again... Same people who called me last weekend with a bogus survey filled with lies. Stay classy.... Hopefully they're arrested for threats, as this is not only in poor taste but also likely illegal.
And in all fairness, neither can we.
#Midwest ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
And 8hrs later...
Oh then I'm good. Thank you Doc.
Truth.
Alice does the same....
Relevant, authentic, consistent cadence, and interactive.
Great question and something I think is healthy and should inform our choices. For me, that I was honest, trustworthy, stood up for those who couldn't for themselves, respected people's dignity. Oh, and that I am remembered for my Guinness obsession. But also the other things.
I might have overdosed on candy corn, and it's only 1445.. send help. Or more candy corn. And adult sized candy bars.
The only thing that comes to mind....
RT . DevRel should never have a metric of sales (and the audience applauds...)
Got myself a proper cuppa and I'm set for the next few minutes.
RT You can’t certify empathy #devopsdays
Yep. Very accurate description
Watching one of my favourite films, with one of the greatest premises of all time (assassin going through an identity crisis decides to go to his 10yr high school reunion): Gross Pointe Blank. If you haven't seen it, you should.
RT 📻From Evangelism to Advocacy - outlines the growing importance of DevRel in community and Developer Experien…
Sad that Donny was never able to break into the team, or given any real chance, but glad he's going somewhere and can hopefully get playing time and show his worth for his future.
So great when good friends come to town, like and ! Enjoyed some good food and they got to meet my wife too!
RT an update on programming language rankings tl;dr - the data is impacted and it's going to get worse
Does anyone know why United doesn't just give you a drink _and_ a snack at the same time? You finish the drink and then the snacks come by, but they don't come back with drinks. Annoying. Anyways, for the first time ever (I'm not exaggerating) my United flight was early to ORD
Hah, he'd never have gotten on a plane with X carrier if he had had any previous problem with that carrier. Like, any problem.
Meh, it's all part of the adventure I guess. It's the last of my United points from 5 years ago, and took all 80k of them for this trip.
The fucking United app keeps notifying me every minute that the flight is boarding and leaves soon. EVERY damn minute. I've stopped dismissing it.
As I passed the bulkhead into Economy someone touched the magazine rack on the wall and it fell down. Everyone acted like that was normal. I'm in a middle seat. Such joyous times.
🤣😂 literally just before this the exact thing happened as I passed a row. Off to a great start. I'm in a middle seat. Yay
I'm used to Comfort Plus at minimum so we shall see.
I'm flying United for the first time in 5 years for my grandfather's funeral, so let's see how this goes. I've never flown in or out of O'Hare without a delay on United, so it's a low bar. Plus I'm sitting with the rest of the cattle, so... 😑🎉
RT Yikes.. ESPN accidentally aired DeMarcus Lawrence’s NSFW video 😬😬😬
You know that's not what they're upset about... It's THIS play 2 plays later that the same referee doesn't call. Clearly offside, ball not snapped.
Hey if your side judge referee is gonna call encroachment on Toney, then he better damn call it on THE VERY NEXT FUCKING PLAY when the Bills DE was a full ARM offsides when the ball was snapped. Your officiating has been atrocious.
Hey Chiefs receivers: CATCH THE FUCKING BALL
All solid responses.
Always use a case for your stickers! Then you can keep them forever!
But having members of Congress (and to their kids) doing the same thing is ok. Got it.
Annoying...
None of them places you live/work.
Hah! Got one yesterday - hit that 9 as fast as I could.
They not have a Halloween costume party in the office today?
Seems about right based on my experience.
It's Halloween. I am not ok, nor am I ready for, this. Mother Nature, go home. Think about what you've done.
On point.
Exactly. It's an easy, non-partisan move, that attempts to take a higher ground. Is it perfect? No. Will Twitter f*ck it up? Likely. The gross misunderstanding of free speech just continuously makes me laugh.
Ahh ok. Love Dublin.
I've been to that bar I think... The Brazen Head?
Thank you Mr. President! Wise words!
Full size candy, none of that *fun size* or *snack size* crap.
Jess.
Good thread on why #opensource matters from #OSSummit
RT I mean... it's just ridiculous really, isn't it? 🤯 #MUFC
Oh and the mimosas. I forgot those.
I'm along for the fun, the ride, everything. And I will bring nachos
RT While tracking sign-ups to #communities is important, we shouldn't ignore those anonymous onlookers who poke their noses in…
This from was one of the best free kicks i have seen in awhile! #MUFC
This is an utterly fake photo. More lies from Trump.
Glad to have you back. Great you're taking steps for you.
RT Many folks have asked whether I believe all social media political ads should be banned outright. I believe that if a company can…
Nice, and well deserved, swipe at Facebook here.
Gotta hand it to Twitter here... This is a solid decision and well done explanation. Now let's see if they can execute.
Don't forget the third option....
RT We swear an oath to support and defend the Constitution, not an oath to support and defend Donald Trump’s abuse of the off…
The only kind of *Ops you can define and understand
RT Please stop posting on Medium.
I use T-Mobile and have no issues, which makes it hard to look at switching to Fi, plus with a family plan it's actually more expensive than T-Mobile.
Introducing our 2019 State of the Developer Report
Twinsies! #Twinning
Can confirm this is the best... Hang the old ones on the wall after and start over.
Now I'm hungry
RT Again, there is zero evidence LTC Vindman is a Never Trumper. Also please keep in mind that just a few days ago, when att…
RT Looking for something to do Tuesday night in SF? Come join me and others at the Bluxome Street Winery for a fun night of #D…
You don't say?
RT “In the developer world we have defined the ‘whole stack’ as just things that we understand” - #devopsdays
YAAAASSS! Party Time!
I use Dual SIM all the time - and I won't have a phone without it.
Addiction? 😉 Or I know someone? 🤓
Ethiopian coffee is my favourite, with El Salvador a close second (fun fact - geisha trees were planted in El Salvador). I love Origin there in Shoreditch and will be hitting it up at #devrelcon
Yes, that would be. Tough trade off
Best Christmas album is "A Twisted Christmas" by Twisted Sister
You're the best! Guarding that table like a champ!
OnePlus 7Pro or 7T is a solid contender as an alternative. I have both, and love them.
I loved my 7 Pro. I now have the 7T and it's great as well.
RT I've said it before; I'll say it again -- please be kind. Things happen sometimes, even to the most seasoned speakers...and…
Evidently reading comprehension, heck the ability to read at a 3rd grade level, isn't a requirement? I can read, and comprehend, 8 pages while sitting on the toilet at 630a.
Insane.
RT Happy 50th birthday to the Internet today! On 29 October 1969, the first message was sent over the ARPANET
RT How do you choose events to sponsor? Speak first. Volunteer as track hosts or for the program committee. Poll your develope…
This is so fitting... #karma "The charge is commonly used to prosecute undocumented immigrants who use a fictitious name or someone's identity to obtain a job in Arizona."
Make sure you sign up - it's happening Thursday!!
No one, ever: ........... Stella Artois: "Hold my beer!"
RT Questioning people’s patriotism, never mind decorated war heroes, because they are immigrants is the very definition of bein…
Yeah, their panel seems to have been a complete train wreck
RT Every month I see easily avoidable mistakes being made by people building communities. Here are 10 such community management…
I am a bit confused. Are you the speaker? How do you know that they chose 1 instead of 3? How do you know what they were thinking? Seems like a crappy attempt to shame someone and a borderline violation of CoC... Mistakes happen. Have you made any? Any Twitter polls about them?
RT Imagine. She's got her Avengers candy bag. She's dressed up as The Wasp for Halloween, escorted by her father, Paul Ru…
Minesweeper would be killer on that machine.
I'll find better...
Another great thing about #remotework - I can make oatmeal whenever I feel like it and in between meetings
Any good deals? I sent them to you to curate
I think this is a fair comment, but then again Comey let himself be baited into a real nothingburger just before the 2016 election, so ┐( ˘_˘)┌
Wow. Just wow.
RT Who's your bestie?🤗❤ (rinchen__norbu / IG)
Definitely
RT Not sure how to go about documenting your API? Check out Ultimate API Publisher’s Guide for tips here:
And now it's snowing
Developer Relations and Community are very much intertwined
Freezing rain. Great.
I needed a new pair and upgraded to see if it helps my feet while at conferences. Will test out next week! Here's hoping!
As. You. Wish.
Buzz is awesome! A true hero!
And a side effect of #remotework is no one gets to see or comment.
RT Employee retention should never be a goal. Building a great place to work is the goal. Good retention is the consequence.
But why?
RT "Deeply technical sessions about CI/CD and automation, coupled with facilitated discussions..." Hear Co-Chair…
Same.
That feeling when you have a new pair of Levi's on _AND_ new Adidas sneakers...
My eyes... I can't. Even.
I don't recall ever changing that... But I've migrated settings over the last few laptops.. so 乁( ⁰͡ Ĺ̯ ⁰͡ ) ㄏ
RT being a good leader means being able to admit 'i am not good at that, but lets find/hire someone who is'
Same. The menubar is dimmed on all of my displays (2 external, one Macbook).
Best to let them come up with it themselves. More fun that way.
After Pulse: Audience Segmentation #devrel #community
I'm always looking at those natural boundary lines and amazed at how often they're crossed on planes.
RT While we purge Congress of women caught having sex, let’s listen in on ⁦ as he talks about restoring tradition…
RT The raid on Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s compound took place at 3:30 PM. 46-1 didn’t leave the golf club until 3:33 PM, arrived…
3 ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
Same. 3. Kind of a tame list though if you ask me.
Bethevalley: Don’t just watch Silicon Valley, be the Valley. via
"Need you to finish the dishes."
RT What a day for Pulisic. Releif of scoring his first goal turns to exhilaration of scoring a Perfect Hat-trick: left foot, r…
Ahh... and back to (or still doing) their old tricks of violating copyright laws... I have lost count the number of conversations I had with clueless engineers at HTC (and other OEMs) about the GPLv2 and their responsibility to honor it....
I hear the Flowbee is great.
RT 21 year-old Christian Pulisic, from Hershey, Pennsylvania, scores his first ever Premier League goal with this double-nutme…
Where is this? I'll be there in a few weeks
I feel like it's only a matter of time before my friends get this text
RT 2️⃣1️⃣ years, 3️⃣8️⃣ days❗️ The youngest player to score a hat trick for is from the 🇺🇸. RT if you'…
I don't do anything without food and drink as a motivator. It's the only way I know how... 😉
Countdown to "I'll never use Safari again!" I use Brave.
You should get a percentage as a participant who contributed to their win. Doesn't matter if you weren't there to present. Contacting the organizers would be a course of action as well.
I feel attacked.
Break time got away from them?
And just got another one, now from the asking me if I thought that the Socialist and the Lamestream Media were trying to go against the will of the people.... (the same will of the people that didn't vote him into office... but, you know, #Facts)
It's solid with a steak. HP Fruity is good with chicken and vegetables. I need to replenish my supply at DevRelCon.
Lea &amp; Perrins is solid, as is Peter Luger - both are better than A1 in my NSHO. For a different take, try HP brown sauce.
You misspelled "mediocre" wrong
Irish whiskey is _always_ the answer
I regrettably do not... Though if someone wants to contribute I can work on it 😆😉
He absolutely did a great job!
I love (i.e. hate) leading survey questions, especially when they're flat out lying....
Just got a robocall from the asking me if I thought the (used an adjective here that I can't recall) were scheming to illegally overturn the 2016 election against the will of the people, so they could instill their socialist agenda... 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Ahh... MU... This is bulls**t!
Keepin' it classy there at MU
He's awesome!! Love his different color eyes!
Jealous.
Well you did so well with the LA traffic problem, what could go wrong?
RT DevOps: Tools Can Lead The Culture Change
RT Is Kansas finally ready to legalize medical marijuana? It’s about time
Judge ruled DOJ must turn over Mueller grand jury material, and that the impeachment inquiry is operating under the rule of law.
RT This is so true: “We are what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools change us.” Father John Culkin
RT Did you know that has over 2000 free tutorials on systems and software development, written by developers, and p…
RT "There's nothing weak about being honorable. You're not a sucker to have integrity and to treat others with respect." -
RT We are excited to welcome the team to the SCALE community. Drop by #SCALE18x learn about how their analytics…
Love Copenhagen! Glad you got to stop by there!
"L SBSTN" ftw
Oh yeah, Bryant's is good, but not in the same ballpark IMNSHO.
I took them to - the gas station BBQ joint.
RT My heart 😭 "When a soccer player's hijab started falling off to reveal her hair, her opponents gathered around to provide c…
I have all the recommendations. Hit me up on DM.
Elbows!
It is good, and near me, but so many better options
Doing it right.
Ice cream #DevRel outing with / / /
Best sandwich. Ever.
Come on! Best BBQ in the world. Don't play with my heart.
OH: "Onion rings are vegetables, they're a vegetable donut."
Introducing my #DevRel friends to tonight. So excited!
"How to avoid exposing your API key in your public front-end apps" via
Shout-out to who gave her "CI / CD for Machine Learning" workshop at #devopsdayskc. A machine-learning workshop, on paper! It was awesome! One of the best workshops I have been to!
This is 🔥!!!
RT “There are things that can be measured. There are things that are worth measuring. But what can be measured is not always what…
RT Did you all know there's a "Paper Tape" function in the MacOS Calculator?! This makes my life so much easier! (Cmd+T, F…
Yes they were! And yes, you need to come. I'll be your chauffeur around town!
Oh ffs....
There is!! Can't wait to check it out as this was a great talk to help people understand the core foundations of #DevOps!
RT 1 Trillion.... with a T... every 2 days. ... and we’re hiring.
RT We can’t believe how far we’ve come - we’re now serving 1000+ customers over 500 billion feature flags daily!
RT Is this idea that we need to be available 24/7 a good one?! I keep hearing “but this is how it’s always done” And wheneve…
If "That's just the way we've always done it" is the answer, then we've found the problem. #devopsdayskc via YESSSSS! THANK YOU!!
#DevOps is more than Devs and Ops... It's about uniting across the silos to work together, build strong relationships, accelerate change, and adjust direction. #devopsdayskc via
If you're oncall, follow the lead of and share an #oncallselfie to make your work visible (call out to and her "Making Work Visible" book) #devopsdayskc via
Because it's the internet, #DevOps has CATS: C-ollaboration A-ffinity T-ools S-caling #devopsdayskc via
The many ways of #DevOps brings about different ways of working and tooling at scale #devopsdayskc via
#DevOps isn't just about technical excellence, it's also about being vulnerable about where things didn't go right, and how we created unsustainable work environments which contribute to burnout. #devopsdayskc via
Velocity Conference in 2009 was a catalyst for discussions leading to #devopsdays #devopsdayskc via
The idea of "DevOps" came out of the Agile Systems Administration Group... #devopsdayskc via
Kicking off #devopsdayskc is talking about "DevOps: Now and to the Future"
#DevOpsDays growth had been amazing since 2009 #devopsdayskc
Yes. I was up to the challenge.
Great idea for custom conference shirts here at #devopsdayskc - you pick the design and shirt color and they custom print it for you.
Don't worry, we will still climb the #ColoradoWall to see you. But I require biscuits and gravy. And mimosas (heavy on the plural).
Perfect.
✋🏻five
So no holding our breathe then?
Sounds delicious, and much better than pumpkin spice...
Best way to kick off #devopsdayskc is with
I think screenshots make the most sense. If people want to go read the actual tweet and conversation they can do so manually.
RT There are few things more important than building a great community. Remember: the community isn’t a fit for your product,…
It's all well deserved!
RT Hey! This sounds like a pretty good conference! I bet the discount code ADO would save me fifty bucks. 😉
Yep, I always get to the gate first and then figure out refreshment options. And definitely get a stroopwafel if you can.
Have the defeatist attitude, but I won't. I believe these things matter, but you don't have to.
You should have enough time, but don't dilly-dally. Just go directly through passport control and then you should be good. It's a pretty well laid out airport, and while you may walk a couple miles, you'll get to where you need to be. I've never had an issue with that much time.
RT Hi friends! I was laid off and am looking for a #DevRel position. My specialties are Community Management &amp; Program Ma…
Yeah, SCIF has been around awhile and there's also one in every US embassy. They are a very big deal, and Hillary was cleared of any issues wrt classified material by Trump's own DOJ, and Ivanka/Jared are Trump's family so the GOP has given them a pass. That's changing I hope.
RT Yes, is very good at framing these questions, but more extraordinary is just how *awful* Zuck is at answering them.
RT Curious about ? So was I! &amp; joined me on to share the details of this…
Agreed. At least one Republican tweeted out a recording while _inside_ the SCIF.
Thing is - the Capitol Police knew this was coming. They gathered outside and told everyone what they were going to do. Until House Leadership commits to using their power to enforce the Law, this will continue to happen.
Right? Blatant lawlessness, and compromising a secure facility..
I can give you plenty of suggestions near you if you're already in KC. Hit me up on Slack!
RT I can go from researching a cramp on WebMD to coffin shopping in under 90 seconds.
Ok, Exit 65. Settling down.
Ahh, that's the enterprise feature. That's where you make all your money.
Raisins and cranberries actually... With a little hint of white chocolate chips for shits and grins
IYKYK
I think a SaaS called "TestVibe" would be the best way to combine
Ooh, lofty goal
I think their transition from the practice pitch to the match day pitch is the problem? I get why Martial started with the UCL must-win match on Tuesday, but he should have been subbed at half. Questionable decisions by ETH again in the 2nd half.
Really, a CAH virgin? Tell us all about your first experience, Daniel!
Yes. This is an easy answer. Martial slows everything down and is largely ineffective. Whenever he is replaced, the buildup and the attack gets more intense with his replacement. Without the Glazers, he would have been gone a long time ago
Well, in all fairness only the making is the grade. Eating it is generally a benefit
You get to cook AND eat them. It's a win-win.
Yeah, you know it's true. It's the only acceptable reason why someone gets a C in Foods
Universal Truth: Bad grades are because the teacher hates you
RT Jane's Due Process Frontera Fund Lilith Fund F…
RT Literally fuck every human in TX who thinks this is okay. Yeet that POS governor and AG. Fund abortion aid orgs. Links…
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
OH: Spiced drops are like someone hated candy, and Christmas
RT Calling all Developer Relations folks in the Bay Area 👋 We have an awesome lineup of speakers for our next meetup on Monday…
First time I've had a in a non Guinness glass... Just not the same
RT Here are my slides from I'll be expanding on this topic for future conferences so ping me if you're i…
RT We are OFFICIALLY SOLD OUT! Still accepting waitlist registrations and will process FIFO. Psyc…
Hobbies are: 🎸 Electric and acoustic guitar 🏕️ Camping and hammocking ⚽ Watching football 📚 Reading books, usually fiction #devdiscuss
RT Original Deep State actors hard at work on their phony emoluments clause.
I need to get a record player. I got ahold of some great old vinyl that needs played
You win the internet.
Dude .. that was Harry Potter.
It's Doc Brown in the Delorian that gives it to the Jedi. Duh...
RT Re-tweeting again because it resonates more today. Toxic leaders create toxic environments which drive toxic behavior. The…
Spot on.
There is in concerts. Amazing show btw.
That seems bad...?
Well we shall see. My eyelid and half of my nose are still mostly numb so there's that.
This was a good time, and I enjoyed my first webinar
The browser extension really helps identify untrustworthy accounts and trollbots - 10/10 would recommend
Yeah, that's way worse than me. You win.
Yeah and I think that makes a lot of sense. SoftBank does like to just throw money at things.
Yikes that really sucks!
Went pretty well, all things considered. The dentist was so intent on making sure that I did not feel anything, that he used so much numbing agent that my eyelid is numb.
I feel like I'm getting better at using "you all" instead of "guys", but "crazy" is one I hadn't thought of. Thank you!
Just means a big anus right?
Should be a great online meetup with !
A consulting fee and credit with SoftBank to go start something else? Didn't he basically steal from WeWork which started all this mess?
Yeah, I'm lucky......
Guess who gets to have his root canal from years ago redone today?
RT Seriously — this is an actual problem. Ashley is a public figure, is harassed and impersonated and…
This made my day. Thank you.
I personally prefer the awkward high-five, or the "you too!", but these are some good tips for keeping a professional environment with your children.
Then we shall make plans. I'll ping you in Slack
Such a great, comprehensive list of advice for any stage of your professional journey
Which of my #devrel friends are coming to #devopsdayskc other than , , and I know I'm missing a few, but would love to get together with you in my hometown! Grab some food, drinks, sites, sounds.
Truth.
RT As we focus on 2020’s elections, we must also know who we are. That’s why I founded bc not everyone wants to…
RT The readme has been improved with new instructions to start playing with it and get software development analy…
Right... And impeaching a Democrat president who lied about having an affair and copped to it was different. Gotcha. #Hypocrite #LeningradLindsey
RT The President of the United States comparing an impeachment inquiry to a #lynching is not a “distraction.” It is a reflect…
RT Lynching is a horrific stain on our country's history, and it is beyond disgraceful for Donald Trump to invoke one to avoid be…
RT Using the constitutional power provided to congress as a check/balance to the president when he has committed textbook geno…
Love his double speak, given he led the charge to get Clinton impeached.
It's funny, 'cause it's true
Do you think Trump's base will get the "lynching" reference he makes?
I don't mind a Slack for the conference as an easy way to get immediate info on any changes to the schedule, connect with other attendees, etc. As long as the website makes it easy to check the schedule, build a personal agenda, etc. via mobile then an app itself isn't necessary.
RT encouraged to see gitlab leadership adopting a growth mindset after receiving feedback. lots more for them to do!
It's better than Hangouts, which of course is like saying a lawnmower is better than a pair of scissors.
Not off to a good start...
That's something that wasn't explored, but would probably require its own movie
Please share said filter. My email needs help.
Yesssss!!! The Force will be with you, always.
You'll have to come up here when it launches!
This is one of the funniest things I have seen in awhile. I can't stop laughing every time I see it. Watch "Little Girl Does a Hilarious Dance During Graduation Ceremony Performance - 1042048" on YouTube
"Unicorn" for the "Fruit Loops" is 🤩🤩🤣😂
RT Dozens of new websites "appear to be Michigan local news outlets," but are full of conservative political content,
Oh yes... Torchy's Tacos is coming to KC!
RT Direct reports, if you get pinged on vacation, get your wasted PTO days back when you return. It's not time off if your boss is…
In my office. At home. On
Oh for sure!
Oh the stories that could be told. This is an absolutely correct take.
Ohhhh... Going to try and make this!
What blocklists
I want to make sure I am understanding what you're saying... Are you saying that I am protecting this person, their vile, hateful take, and their systems which have produced this behaviour of oppression?
Absolutely agree with you. My tweet was an answer to someone expressing disbelief that this sack of rocks was saying what they were because they had never thought said sack of rocks was like that.
It's these moments when someone shows their true colours, and you see them for who they are, that you take it at face value.
I can attest to gitpitch as an option.
RT oh he wrote the book
If standing for the oppressed who are targets of privilege is weak, and pathetic, I stand. Call me an SJW or whatever helps you sleep better, but this is a vile take and frankly you should be ashamed, but you'll take your privilege and hide behind it with no shame. So be it.
RT Saying nothing is incredibly wrong. Using privilege to push WoC down is morally wrong. Sayi…
Illogical ramblings of toxic masculinity
This explains a lot.... :godzillaFacepalm:
Well, the use of the #OxfordComma has been around for 114 years, so you're right on target for a laggard.
Oh that's right...
Ok. So in Yesterday Jack Malick finds out that the world has never known: - The Beatles - Oasis - Coca-Cola - Cigarettes I get the first two (without the Beatles, Oasis doesn't become a band). But what's up with the other two? Is there meaning I am missing? Or is it misdirection?
Hearing my 11yo singing along with these Beatles songs in Yesterday is so heartwarming. #ParentingWin
Hearing "Yesterday" played in the movie Yesterday reminds me how much that song has always touched me. I'm not crying. JT is crying. See? 👇👇👇
Downside is ORD
Add a goblet of champagne and I think Emily would wear that.
Joking aside.. there's always those stores in the mall selling HoCo and prom dresses
Come join me?
There's always Dress Barn.
Totally. Every New Year's Day we have Family Movie Night where we watch The Three Amigos (my kids love it!), and then a movie they've not seen before (recent title was the best Christmas movie ever, Die Hard), and then a stupid movie (Flash Gordon was a few years ago).
Gonzo was second only to the Swedish Chef for me.
I see the resemblance. Good on you.
*or..... Dang autocorrect and Twitter not allowing tweet edits. I'm done.
Pics of it didn't happen. The stretching. Not the yard work.
People matter. It is amazing what happens when you treat your employees like people.
Two peas in a pod of insanity and destruction.
They are amazing!
Brexit. Too soon? 😁😂🤣😟☹️
Brit.
I have a fire going that you can throw that on....
It's fall, and I get to play with fire. How's your day going?
I was going to as well, but remembered Sasha is in Chicago, so United makes sense. I fly out of KC so unless I'm going to one of the direct flight locations, I'm always going to have multiple flights, and Delta works great for me.
RT Hey do you have ‘s cell number? Doing this fundraiser for my Bday and thought I’d try…
RT I hope to be reincarnated as Hugh’s cell phone. Just so I can spend all goddam day cradled in his buttery-soft hands.…
My wife just asked me if I needed anything from the hardware store, and then added, "For all your manly projects..." in a humourous tone. I'm not even upset or offended. She is the "handyman" of the house and I love her for it.
Oh even better!
Eat another. Double the workout.
Quite a shocking statement she makes.... And I can't help but notice and draw a conclusion from those replying to agree with her that they all fit a certain type. 😞
Yellowjacket stung my son years ago, then followed him into the house &amp; stung him again. Family ran to the van to get away, thinking there were more in the house, &amp; it still tied to sting him in the van. They fled the van and went to the school where I met them after work. F 'em
You, sir, are a hero.
Did something similar with my daughter the other day, to Oasis's "Don't Look Back in Anger"
Can't it be both/and, not either/or?
I have never, ever, sought out a way to watch the end of a KU football game like I did tonight, finally settling on my phone via the ESPN app.
RT I’d love to see an interview of in which he’s asked nothing but questions on what he thinks the words and…
You're welcome.
I love the food and beer in Stockholm
Make sure to take nothing for granite
One of my favourite places. If you haven't, walk the Royal Mile and then climb Arthur's Seat. Amazing view of the city.
RT Managers, leave your direct reports alone when they are on PTO unless there's an emergency. Respect people's time.
I'd say that "new system" needs a little work ?
Yesterday is an awesome movie! I highly recommend!
Ahh, so it's not only an impeachable offense to violate the #EmolumentsClause , but it's also an impeachable offense because it's a federal crime? Makes sense.
Well done!
Went in and out of there over a 18hr period yesterday/today... And it was terrible, more so than I recall. Feels like they'll never get the "New LGA" done.
The 3 food groups!!
Audience Segmentation (Ep 41) #devrel #community
Wise words for Product Owners, one and all.
RT The 12 Stages of Burnout from #DevopsdaysEDI #mentalhealthintech
Krakow is beautiful in the winter.
RT “This is difficult, but you have to learn to say no to your managers [to prevent burnout]” - #DevopsdaysEDI
RT Someone help me understand why the Senate has yet to approve the renewal of the Violence Against Women Act?
Ahh, you missed out on the old days prior to LNP and then WLNP. Those were special.
This gonna be good!
RT Super edit: Spectral is one of the best tools for API Design. The team should be proud of what they built. I…
RT Look at that! Would you just look at it! That's right, ✨new &amp; improved documentation ✨ We are very excited because we know ju…
So, Mr. President, how's that fight against corruption you told Ukraine about going? #EmolumentsClause
RT 🚀 Netlify makes deploying so easy! But have you ever wanted to dive deeper and create rich functionality on build, package, or…
They made Jimmy Carter sell his dang peanut farm....
RT Overheard: Pelosi is now a verb, meaning to stand up to someone, or to own them in a critical moment, e.g. Trump tried to…
What they don't know..... Plus you're really just taste testing, and making sure to remove all the syringes and drugs ahead of time.
William Barr’s Wild Misreading of the First Amendment
I didn't need to use the trademark symbol because I didn't have "asshat" in the tweet.
¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯
And after dinner, a riveting reading of the Trump University syllabus
Oh she knows. She knows.
RT pay teachers and nurses more money. there that's it.
Congrats to you both!
RT Poor API documentation got you stumped? Follow along as uses reverse engineering to get the job done.
This. As a manager it's my responsibility, heck it's my obligation, to advocate for the members of my team.
Yeah he seems fun...
#RIPRepCummings "This is not about Trump. It is about the soul of our democracy."
#RIPRepCummings
#RIPRepCummings
#WTForecast isn't wrong...
#RIPRepCummings
Those are the best adventures
Wait... You didn't mention anything of the sort in Portland or Austin!!! Congratulations! That's amazing, and totally looks like a great read! Do you have a preferred way for people to purchase? I know some authors make more from certain retailers than others.
Such a sad moment for the US, especially during these times. We will miss his leadership and experience.
"it's like rain on your wedding day....."
Burn....
Same... My 14yo and I watched it a few weeks ago. She had seen the play on Netflix or YouTube or something, but we loved watching the movie together.
Such great content.....
I want to do this...
RT Hey there Sydney, come meet Developer Advocate at the Cargo Bar tonight! We want to hear how you feature fla…
RT A lot of developer community organizers have been affected by the recent Meetup pricing changes 😖 I pulled together a list of a…
RT happy anniversary to the greatest tweet ever posted
"I'll call you later."
There was a span of time where I believe I financed the dentist's office remodel.
RT "#Burnout stems from poor management" #allthingsopen - Help them understand their value - Enforce reason…
RT . tips for creating a positive #opensource community: - Have a code of conduct - Recognize all contributors…
RT Friends, It is with heavy heart that I am announcing my interest in career opportunities outside of Amex. Please let me know…
I'm there tomorrow... When do you leave?
And then getting the "you have been unsubscribed" emails to delete afterwards
What do you like more than going to the dentist? I’ll start. I like finding furniture in the dark with my pinky toe more than going to the dentist. Related note: I have to get a root canal redone from 10 yrs ago because the hack dentist didn’t do it right. Your turn.
RT Hey #DevRel Twitterverse: We're recording a episode on job fluidity on Nov 1... talking about what's next…
Wut?!?!?
RT Looking for something to do tonight? Join and in Redmond to hear some spooky stories from
RT freeCodeCamp is building an open source alternative to Meetup. - No fees for organizers - No fees for participants People have…
RT Don't miss out as #devrel vet, shares his wisdom today at 12 PM ET. You can RSVP here:
Yep. TSA _loves_ to check my bag when I have stickers. You can almost see them salivating. and watched me inform the TSA agent in Portland, ME exactly what he would find, and he was a bit disappointed.
RT US Men's Soccer Team just lost 2-0 to Canada. First Canadian win in 34 years. Should be a National Outcry. Saddest Truth is…
Good luck since #MoscowMitch will hold it up like the hundreds of other bills pending in the Senate.
Remember the Nazi's you continue to verify and not actual contributors like We do!
Oh right...
Thanks Dustin
OH: "I could drink vinegar straight"
Thank you Mandy
Thanks Aaron
Thank you Kayla
Thanks man, yeah it's a really good thing
Thanks Chris. I appreciate it
Thank you so much Kaslin
Thanks JD
Thanks Jan-Niklas
Thanks Gareth. I was definitely blessed.
Thanks Jono
Aww thanks Tracy! She was a special lady.
Yeah, I was born at Va Beach General Hospital and lived in the area until mid-1977 when my parents moved to the Midwest. But spent a lot of time visiting all the relatives and spending summers and such in the Tidewater area.
Thanks Tim - I don't know if you were ever at Little Creek, but after he retired from the USN (CPO) after 20+ years, he was in civil service for 20+ years at the base there as a police officer. It's why I was born in VA Beach, with my parents meeting there in Norfolk.
I'm lucky to have had Grandparents alive into my late 40s, and lucky that my kids were able to spend time with all on my side, and a majority overall, but today my last one passed. He was 94. His wife, my Grandma, passed last year and he's finally at peace. Love you Grandpa.
RT ICYMI! caught up with CEO at This Dot Labs. Dive into the latest #FrontEnd trends, This Dot's imp…
Thanks, yeah that's helpful
I didn't ask if it was a flop 😜
Block or a charge ?
What app is this?
And by resources, you're of course referring to photos of ducks and waffles.
Said agreement would require a reading of the Constitution, specifically the First Amendment, which would throw into a tizzy quite a few things happening right now, so ┐( ˘_˘)┌
Developer Relations != Developer Marketing
This is confusing to me as well… Had an analyst/consultant tell me recently that companies should have Instagram accounts to reach developers and it just kinda confuses me
RT Free spaces for Developers are running out! Dig deep on all our latest communications APIs for conversation, voice, video, AI…
Not to mention that they say it’s on hold as they work on a new process that is transparent… and yet they’re still giving it to people all the time who don’t deserve it (or are Nazis….) and then deny (and others) for #reasons….
RT Explore, customize, and visualize your login box without a line of code 🔀 All the power of Auth0 in one place:
RT Conservatives went after for getting a haircut so she fought back with a sharp point about Mike Pence
Don't get distracted. He loves to throw this crap out there when under fire for his lawlessness. Stay on point here people.
The look on his face when he realises that his words have come back around and he has to answer for his actions now.... Priceless.
RT Experienced developers are experienced skip readers. Don't be afraid to spell out installation instructions in your README.…
"The only way for the leader of a team to create a safe environment for his team members to be vulnerable is by stepping up and doing something that feels unsafe and uncomfortable first." - in "The Advantage: Why Organizational Health Trumps Everything Else..."
Agreed, there is definitely a use case for that, with still a solid camera. I would potentially use it when traveling.
It's really only a matter of time at this point
I've had the One, 2, 3T, 5, 5T, 6, 6T, and the 7Pro. They consistently keep getting better, and they've come a long way in their minimalised OEM Android experience. Top notch camera, great battery. Can't say enough. #oneplus has a solid lineup of devices.
Now we're talking. I love a good meat toss.
The tone deaf ability of the GOP to spout nonsense like this, while blatantly ignoring the very acts they're complaining about happening to the nth degree with their President and his kids/family/businesses...
The asinine decision by Meetup to start charging attendees will lead to the eventual demise / splinter off of Meetup from the disastrous WeWork group. It's also awesome to see all of the discussions happening about #opensource alternatives.
This is great and definitely interesting, but what about Admins being given the ability to mass move messages that are posted in the wrong channel?
But was it a frontend or backend course?
Of that I have no doubt...
Luck! Also, don't fall in.
Well yeah....
“The Cult of Overwork (And How to Avoid It)” by Ty Fujimura
Such utter bullsh!t...
RT Super important message from on #burnout at #AllThingsOpen “Remember that burnout also affects the peopl…
Watch "George Clooney Against DUMBF**KERY" on YouTube
It's also the best way to reheat just about anything... Delayed gratification at its finest.
MongoDB is the Presenting Partner at DevRelCon London 2019 #devrel
Yeah! How good is their discoverability for events on the platform? Looks like FreeCodeCamp is going to build a Meetup alternative that could be self-hosted...
Not going to ask "Why?" because I know why. I'm going to ask, "How good were they? They're amazing when you put them in the oven instead of the microwave, aren't they?"
Remote manager, employee, former business owner, etc... DM sent
RT Yesterday’s letter from Fiona Hill’s lawyer to WH lawyers, pushing back on their executive privilege claims, may reveal t…
RT Here's the link to the official #100DaysOfCode Slack Channel! Join us to: 1) Get help 2) Help others 3) Connect 4) Disc…
Yeah but they won't #SayHisName
*Always* provide context...
And if you're deploying on it's perfect
Mostly uneducated guess here, but what about ?
/me installs CCTV...
I'd certainly give it a shot... The thought of off the grid in that location fills me with glee. At about Day 10 I might rethink...
A rowdy game of frontier cannibalism... 🎉🎊
RT Resist hopelessness. We’re not over.
RT This is so impressive. Running a marathon under 2h is a mind boggling achievement.
RT I'm disappointed in the new pricing model. Passing fees onto attendees ensures that only privileged folks can parti…
Yeah... this is going to work out _really_ well for them. Countdown to implosion.....
Really? *That's* what's wrong with America?
Yes! Can't wait to see the video!
This is comic genius! would/should be proud!
RT I've had a lot of fun over the years during #Hacktoberfest. Here are a few tips to get started with it and open source 🤘 htt…
Cast iron is the only way to cook
Would love to see how it compares to when he wasn't President. It's already quite obvious he wanted to become President so he could enrich himself, but I'm betting he also wanted more opportunities to golf.
He then follows up each presentation with a private dance off, ala Zoolander.
RT Yikes, I just got the first production hardback copy of People Powered. This was a lot of work, so pleased to see the final…
RT I’ll be presenting tomorrow at #AllThingsOpen about incident response and blameless postmortems, by talking about The Tha…
Which further increases the likelihood that you'll arrive at the workshop with 5min to spare. 🍻 Please Twitter feed this...
RT Remember the face, remember the name. The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel joins the big leagues December 6th.
Yes. Oh yes.
Is that with a capital G or lowercase?
I'll be April Ludgate
I'm a Scorpio and that's why I am not sure if I can do it for the week of September after the following quick steps to join the Dark Knight Rises.
RT What's my message to Republicans in DC? Look in the mirror and think about how you want to be remembered. There is nothin…
RT Yesterday, marathoner Eliud Kipchoge became the first ever to break two hours. Today in Chicago, Brigid Kosgei set a new w…
You held your pee that long? That's not healthy....
Not watching, but Joe Buck is notorious for this. Us Royals fans remember his dating app profile and pursuit of Bumgarner during Game 7 of the 2014 World Series.
RT The President of the United States just performed a creepy little onstage skit in Minnesota that included simulating an o…
The Kurds have been a valuable ally for over 20+ years in our fight against Saddam Hussein and terrorism in the region. In yet another instance of Trump bowing to Putin, another ally is burned and are being forced to turn to Russia in order to survive. Shame.
You mean Trump was lying when he said he didn't know these people (even though he also had lunch with them recently at the White House)? Thread of the connected pieces to this...
Looking forward to seeing what does with this great Sci-Fi show!
It is pretty nice, and great for local display if you're unsure of conference WiFi, though it does take a bit of getting used to.
I have used which utilises source control (and reveal.js I believe) to serve the presentation so in theory people could work on different aspects of a presentation
On the Adidas Stan Smith's, how is their arch support?
I do a similar thing where I either put the butter in between the warm toast to thaw it, or I put it on top of the food. But yes, either butter my toast for me, or keep soft butter at the table.
Thread
Sounds about right...
This is a really good idea, and definitely a good way to invest in Jr. DevRel Advocates.
Have fun you two!!
Make it a baker's dozen
If you're going to #AllThingsOpen you need to check out this talk on Monday given by
So many emotions.... First, is absolute glee that you're giving this talk! The second is FOMO as I won't be able to make ATO... But I'm so excited to see the recording, or see it given somewhere else that I will be able to see it live!
And another bill that #MoscowMitch will not allow to be voted on if it passes the House.
Give it time... Enjoy every moment of it too!
RT The secret way of stopping Dr. Banner from turning into the Hulk 🤫💚
To the coffee shop barista... "Quiet milk is happy milk." Words to steam by.
I'll be in Malmö in a few weeks!
The mental gymnastics his evangelical supporters will go through to justify this (like all the others instances) certainly should qualify them for some Olympic sport...
I bet I can guess which dog is whose
I feel seen.
Maybe this will help?
Looking forward to reading it!
Preach it.
RT CFP for is open! It's one of my personal favorites. Fantastic conference center venue. Speaker dinner is at th…
RT Got Node.js installed? Run this 🤩 &gt; npx ascii-themes generate bacon --themeName="Solarized Dark" --font="Larry 3D"
#Monktoberfest was hands down, the best conference I have ever attended. A week later I am still buzzing, and even emotional at times, about the talks and the people and experiences. It is so hard to describe, but something you must attend next year.
This is a fantastic read and love what Don goes into here, especially given the last few months.
RT
RT It's that time of year... I and TheCR need to decide which topics and themes to dig into in next year's State of Community Mana…
Yes. So much yes.
I am here for this. It needs to be a thing.
James von Cricketypants. He was a bit uppity and moved on to a better place soon after this photo was taken.
RT Steve Kerr’s full response to Donald Trump
He didn't stick around long enough for me to ask.
RT How would I respond to someone who says marriage is between one man and one woman? #EqualityTownHall
Nope. Not at all.
"Being approachable isn't that important anyways, the queen hasn't smiled since the seventies and her birthdays are still very well attended." -David Rose, Schitt's Creek
This one is surprisingly small, like a normal cricket. I'm thinking it hasn't been exposed to any radiation yet
It can't communicate at the moment to answer said question. But it certainly appreciates your inquisitive nature.
Swarna.
Same.
RT If Eric Holder met with the head of MSNBC while AG, every Republican would be calling on him to resign and be investigated. AG…
A Texas cricket has finally made its way up 9 floors to join me. AMA.
Also check out The Good Place.
Netflix. Absolutely hilarious show
I am literally laughing out loud...
This does sound interesting.. what would it mean though? Obviously not how many ppl killed. Maybe hours wasted?
I'm now on season 2 of Schitt's Creek and it's amazeballs
That's awesome! Make sure you meet and tell her "Hello!" from me!
I approve this message.
Seems the most logical assumption at this point
They take pictures of the ceiling and other things or with their body barely in the photo
You need ... Forget Apple's emoji crap.
Linda, listen. It was all out in the public domain that Rudy was doing this, and it was in the public domain that Trump had withheld funding, long before news of the whistleblower complaint came out. If private citizens know this, you either do too, or you're bad at your job.
Well done
Different service generator websites used in the naming
And it will definitely repeat
He chose a slightly bigger plane this time
RT Hi Jeremy, we just wanted to let you know that we have made a few infrastructural improvements which have allowed u…
This is well received! Thank you!
RT I'm excited to speak at ASC 2019 - API Specifications Conference
Monsters can be friends.
RT Following up on yesterday's tour announcement, my team and I are moving to run carbon-neutral in 2020. H/t to
RT I'm really excited by the plan to take Slack's #devrel carbon neutral, as outlined by
Yeah, you do. This cup is pretty tasty.
This may be the hot take I like on Twitter.
They have their identity masked. I'll see myself out.
Great minds....
You have done outdid yourself there Emily! That's one for the record books!
Oh no. Here's hoping it's delayed due to the snowstorm and you'll make it on time?
RT The big antitrust story that no one talks about is that in 2014, Google quietly released a Stuxnet-like virus designed to c…
This. 1000x's this.
This is on us as a nation who enabled Trump and his insanity, and it's on Congress as a while who (until recently with the House) have stood idly by while Trump destroys our reputation as a nation and gives fealty to dictators and murderers. Thread below.
I second this.
If only something could have been done to prevent this? If only there was some mechanism whereby members of Congress could stand up and say "This is not right!".... Oh wait...
Against my desire (or maybe it is for the better) I am bowing out of karaoke. It pains me to say so, but I have too much to do and have neglected a few things the past week. Thanks for the invite, and I'll take a rain check!
"Built With ❤ - Why Developer Experience Matters" - via at Web Unleashed 2019 #WEBU19
Congrats!
"The pizza hasn't arrived"
Sliding into DMs
RT Most people and organizations are trained to over-complicate both (systemically) but complexity breaks complications. Simplify…
I haven't logged in since mid-January, and will be completely deleting my account soon
Any plans for karaoke this week?
Hey - you should meet up with and at #ASC2019.
RT Solace is #hiring! 🙌 If you’re eager to gain valuable #digitalmarketing experience, test new ideas, and make a direct im…
Always great to meet up with #devrel friends in real life! This time it was with here in Austin! No selfie, which was a serious oversight on my part which shall be rectified next time.
Who was Mahomes boys?
RT Here’s an interesting read—a reminder that behind every opinion lies a human being with real experiences and a story to te…
RT Two biggest mistakes people make when building community: 1. They don’t research and talk to the target member enough 2.…
This would make for a great post on !
It's an option.
That totally sucks. May Wednesday be a smidgeon better.
On brand, considering #Monktoberfest
RT |￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ | | Help open source | | with quality contributions | | during #hacktoberfest | | ＿＿＿…
I have been meaning to get new Doc's.... And my go to shoe is Adidas. Seems that I need to some shopping
I usually would go that route, but it seems these are either dead or I suddenly need better shoes.
RT Here's our piece from last night on the many consequences of China's one-child policy...
Twitter conference male friends: what are your preferred conference shoes for standing in a booth all day?
I think I might be spending more money at now
Agreed, history is generally written by the victors, so I pray the truth is the victor.
RT You. Yes, you. The technical person with a great #ContinousDelivery story I know you have procrastinated the #CFP And…
Speaking of... Was the ice cream worth it?
Top CMO available! Don't miss out!
RT Recommended Read: Why do we call Microservices independent when they still rely on other services?
Emily does 55 slides for ordering groceries. You can do more.
RT As President, I leaned on experience, expertise, and willingness to tell me what I needed to hear. In he…
I meant to get a pic with before he left, so here's one with
I saw this and had the same response, being very excited and happy that these two from different backgrounds were laughing together. And pissed off that Phil Sims said "And there's Ellen at her first football game"... Like wtf...? All sorts of things packed into that statement.
That and the cinnamon rolls....
Really sir? What about the previous 900+ days?
"Ma'am, were gonna have to ask you to come with us."
RT 📽️ All the talks (60+ sessions) from CMX Summit 2019 are now available to watch online, for free. 📽️ Grab some lightly fl…
The CFP for #cdCon 2024 at #OSSummit is OPEN! You have until Jan 14, 2024 at 11:59PM PST to submit your talks, so don't wait!
This is the correct response. But also, you've evidently not had Minsky's pizza.
I'm helping a company out with spec'ing out their network security, and I'm wondering who all has experience with DDoS mitigation services, that secure the physical network coming into a location?
Good stuff Pauline - thank you. It’s interesting to see what works for some and what works for others, which is what I love about community management 😂
Yess! Everyone in the company, from Sales to Engineering to Product to Support, needs to be involved and see opportunities to interact and get value
RT having survived layoffs with the attendant survivor's guilt and having been actually laid off, i feel for everyone at spotify…
Yeah, I'll ping you. Thanks Michael.
Yeah, that's what I've been thinking too around the value of them. Showing that you're involved in the community from a company perspective is the real value.
For sure! On the meetups, are you doing your own or joining in with others? And on the Discord office hours you do, what was the activity level before you started doing them?
That's awesome. How active was the Discord before starting that initiative?
Was Discord already active when you started? What was the inflection point? What did you do before office hours to prepare the community for them? I'm seeing companies thinking they do them at already low activity levels to boost engagement.
OH: Do that in the privacy of your own ditch
I see a lot of companies with ideas around boosting #community involvement in Discord by doing things within Discord like "office hours" or "webinars", and I'm wondering if anyone else is doing the same? What has been your experience? What are you doing instead?
Gonna miss you Jeff.
Only if they're done via large "library-of-the-month" packages
Yeah, we can't have nice things 😑
When you hear the term "Developer Experience", what does that mean to you? What does it make you think of? What companies come to mind that have good "DevEx"?
I had a feeling after training camp when we didn't bring in a high-talent, big name WR to replace Juju and relied on a bunch of 2nd/3rd-string &amp; rookie WRs, that we were going to have some season-long offensive woes. And that feeling has consistently been confirmed #ChiefsKingom
Garbage in, garbage out. Accurate documentation is invaluable
If you see this, post a Muppet.
I am here already and have a table just inside by the bar
As am I.
"I Know What You Did Last Summer" is about to play on the hotel bar TV. I'll be here if you need me.
Yes. As have the last 990 days.
Birthday present to Putin
The best meatballs.
RT Still confused as to what an impeachment inquiry really means or how it affects you? This might help 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
On Putin's birthday no less
Didn't know this was something to ✅, but well done
RT On the latest episode of #ConversationsWithBacon, comes on to talk about what Developer Relations is, how it wor…
Does a bit better with it than the bacon
RT This is the language of Fascism, just for the record. We like to make light of DPRK and Kim Jong-un, but let me be clear on…
1
I want to give this dog all the things.
In.
RT I gave a raw, personal talk at #monktoberfest on compassion. I hope it helps others who live with #ChronicPain. Thank y…
Achievement #1 unlocked
Absolutely. I'm in Austin this week. Let me know
But... her emails!!
Cool. My kids are 11+ so maybe we will give it a shot
RT Superusers don't answer questions 'for free' in a community. They're being paid in things they value more than money.…
RT Full house for our workshop at 👨‍💻 and showed the #SpringOne crowd how they can be #eventdr…
I was also thinking about it for our family
"sibling project" or "related project"?
RT “Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence...the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history an…
RT Your #SpringOne coffee tip - closest good coffee (imho) to the convention centre is Corner of 4th &amp; Congress.
He is absolutely correct.
Definitely better and the introspective look into your almost empty martini makes it more hipster
RT Hey and do you think I could get a boost?
RT BREAKING: Attorney representing whistleblower who sounded the alarm on Pres. Trump’s dealings with Ukraine tells
RT 🙋‍♀️🙋‍♂️🚚 and I are moving apartments. If anyone is looking for a home to rent in SF Mission (in perfect proximit…
RT We're moving and I'm looking for a tenant in my apartment starting in November. DM me if you're looking for a loft style 1b/2ba…
No. Instead they resigned and have kept silent.
RT NEW: Judge Amy Berman Jackson orders the White House to preserve records of communications with foreign governments
Always knew you were a hard task master Swarna! I'm around all day today with relatively nothing but work to catch up on. I'm open to food, drinks, etc.
RT Learn about event-driven architectures, the #AsyncAPI specification &amp; #RAML from founder on
RT Given that there's been some discussion today about how the news cycle is digested by voters here in what's sometimes refe…
And not only that, I witnessed staff take extra time to help a blind person get to their seat and describe every single thing around them and what was happening as they moved to the seat. *That's* how you do it. , you're terrible. *Do/Be* better. If you can.
He's not wrong
Look what men have done with it... I think it's past time for women to take over.
Don't shame the prairie dog. It doesn't have apostrophes in its language.
It was easier for Swarna as she was a few rows up. Jess was right next to me. Bless her heart.
I'm optimistic. There's still a chance.
RT Why yes, and I are all on the same flight tweeting to each other. 🤣 And yes, we are all within ear…
At least you stopped singing to random strangers
Now that I could get around.
I just don't get it. Literally the worst thing you could think of doing. Maybe if this was Makers, or Jim Beam, or Jack. But it's generally high quality Scotch.
This reply wins the twitters today
I think I'm riding in the only Prius in Portland that forgot to put its shocks on this morning
RT Looking forward to our Developer Workshop on Monday at "Be Event-Driven with #AsyncAPI &amp; #Spring Cloud Stream"
When the waiter says "the other oyster is around here somewhere"......
He has so sold his soul to Trump
RT At times you need to be vulnerable to really be free. ❄️☃️👑 #GHC19 #DisneyTech #educate #elevate #emwpower
Somebody's living their best life.
Yes.
You should really be more careful.
. I want to see you in the western, Wyatt Earp moustache again!
RT I just found out about the `Better Tweetdeck` extension and 🤯You can: - Add gifs - Use :slack-style-emojis: - Add custom CS…
RT If you participate on an online community platform, and if you are reading this you are in at least one, there are tools…
RT People, if we crap on the Republicans who do a good thing, the message that is sent is that crossing Trump doesn’t get you…
I knew you would have good options/ideas! Thanks!
Yeah - I like both of those actually. Kikkoman used to have the best soy milk in the business... not sure where they stand these days.
Family member is allergic to dairy... Any suggestions for dairy replacements that still taste good? Because I like my milk.
RT “Notice that none of these qualities are ‘expert in kubernetes’ or ‘expert in Docker’” - #devopsdays
They're going to run out of buses in DC at this rate
Ran into some old friends at #Monktoberfest
RT ⁦ sharing compassionate products for those with disabilities like this one that rolls your trash can to…
RT Big round of applause for our speakers!
Same. Absolutely phenomenal. Thank you Julia for being open and sharing.
Compassionate products means you're building for the whole population, not just those who fit your desired profile. Good examples are Lego building Legos for teaching kids braille, precut fruit, and wearable chairs. #monktoberfest
Communicating compassion in the workplace is important to be heard and to hear #monktoberfest
Workplace compassion is also hard, and requires shared humanity #monktoberfest
Self compassion is hard, and even harder when dealing with pain #monktoberfest
RT Dear everyone at #monktoberfest loving point on redlining, you will appreciate watching Jim Crow of the North…
Last talk is talking about her life experiences and compassion at #monktoberfest
Great font created by to allow for representing real people in their data visualisations, and shared by at #monktoberfest
RT Humans are error-prone when we need to look at a bunch of data and find highlights, but color and shade drastically improve…
RT Visually, your brain generally works in three ways: size, orientation, shape. One is much easier than the other 💁
RT Please call your congressmen and women and please call your senators and ask them what they are doing? Do they approve of T…
RT Now up talking about the importance of empathy in visualising data about people and their decisions. "Building…
Our cognitive bias tells us that they are faces...
RT SaaS (shitposting as a service). Managed to capture #monktoberfest without his selfie face on
Fake news.
RT 💃 wraps up with tips for addressing these biases ❔keep questions consistent to compare apple to apple conv…
RT Candidates are more likely to be successful if they can see themselves in a similar position as someone who is interviewi…
Same. I will say I've wanted to do this in the past at jobs when leaving. But for normal day-to-day, not generally a good idea.
I need to get mine...
RT My favorite talks are the ones that don’t necessarily walk me through something explicitly but that make me think. I lo…
Creating a more inclusive in-person interview means you take into account the individual, prep them, accommodate their needs, and rework the tech interview #monktoberfest
Change how we approach interviews... Look at the ability to collaborate instead of "show me what you're made of" #monktoberfest
Some good tips and tools for addressing unconscious bias are "blind hiring", preset questions, and gated feedback (don't let someone see the feedback until they've given their own) #monktoberfest
Use "two in the pool" as a way to make sure that when you have diverse candidates, you hold out for more than just one #monktoberfest
When choosing candidates be aware of your unconscious biases... These show up in the application questions, resumes, and even referrals #monktoberfest
Go beyond normal "equal opportunity" efforts, and don't be this sh£&amp;tty company
Highlight your company culture and your efforts, and that it's accessible to all
Get rid of the "must haves" which are unrealistic, and language which is just stupid and exclusionary #monktoberfest
First up for today at #monktoberfest is talking about better, more inclusive technical recruiting
Yeah, and their response was "Sorry for the inconvenience." Unacceptable as I have been a longtime Hilton traveler and never had this issue.
I remember that at Scale17x
Why not just use with the Zendesk integration? Looking at the features it just seems bleh... ¯\(°_o)/¯
RT After receiving a trove of important documents from the first of the state department witnesses, my fellow chairs and I…
It was that. And everything else.
You all still there?
I think I'm going to start drawing stick figure slides.
I believe I have found the _only_ good use for kale... Face mask.
RT Saying "Let's have some good non-alcoholic options" is a surprisingly cheap and easy way to make sure your tech event is more…
Fresh sushi buffet at #monktoberfest. Heaven.
RT On "soft" talks from at #monktoberfest It's not less, it's equal. We can't let the belief of not achievin…
So / ... Let's have a conversation about what the "Do Not Disturb" means.... It means you don't enter my room, without my consent. Not even to deliver a package addressed to me. Unacceptable.
(cont) 4. Don't gatekeep 5. Default to respect. Great talk from to round out the first day at #monktoberfest
How we fix the "brilliant asshole" in tech involves a few things via at #monktoberfest 1. We ALL do the "soft skills" 2. Broaden how we define "being technical" 3. Value people skills (Cont...)
Great definition of "being technical" from at #monktoberfest
RT “Being technical is about being a builder” ⁦
RT “Ego is the enemy of learning” - #devopsdays
At times in our career we may be any of, or a combination, the different points, people, and journeys in our life. Diversity matters. #monktoberfest
RT Really appreciate the insights from talking about her path and decisions in our careers. It's a lot of stress…
RT It's not about who were are, it's how we move forward. 🙌 #monktoberfest
In your career path, make use of the people in your life to help make decisions in your life. Lean heavily on your support network. #monktoberfest
. listing out her career path and the lack of connection between each, and learning to Choose Your Own Adventure, be ok with being unsure, leave the comfort zone, be introspective, and make use of learning moments at #monktoberfest
RT Great management advice from at #monktoberfest! Ending with the importance of self care. So good to remind o…
. speaking on career goals with Into the Spiderverse as the backdrop. at #monktoberfest
RT Slides and resources for my talk, "Digital Discrimination: Cognitive Bias in Machine Learning" at
RT “One thing to remember is that it’s not your community, it’s *their* community.” 🔥 from at tonight’s
Good resource for getting involved in fighting bias in AI/ML is via at #monktoberfesy
RT Super powerful talk from at #monktoberfest, talking about AI bias. From speech sentiment to facial recognition a…
RT I’ve seen AI bias talks at every conference I’ve gone to in the last 6 months, and I think that’s an **incredibly good thing…
Some good steps being taken around standards and principles via EU and Trusted AI Committee #monktoberfest
Good tips on analysing data sets from at #monktoberfest
Next up is talking about Cognitive Bias in ML at #monktoberfest
RT My one unquenchable belief about open source... Is that you don't need to contribute to open source. And if you feel pres…
Another great point made was around understanding what access your community has/doesn't have to resources, like social media.
RT Underrepresented? Reframe it. Underestimated. The thought that we question credibility based on our bias; which then…
And....?
RT Here is my presentation about the Compagnons du Voyage - Mentorship, a right and a duty (2019)
RT I think china should start an investigation into the new england patriots #ChinaInvestigation
RT It’s now easier than ever to create and edit a GitHub Actions workflow. With snippets and auto-complete, you can catch errors…
RT What a stupendous Product Announcement at #BoomiWorld19. Real time listeners for Kafka, RabbitMq to name a…
RT We're proud to be a Diversity and Inclusion sponsor at this year's #Monktoberfest. Keep an eye out for our team if you're…
RT As organizations, we are vastly unprepared for junior engineers in our field. at #monktoberfest is digging in a…
RT ⁦ talking about Co-op programs.
Good points on how apprenticeship/mentorship applies to the modern world by at #monktoberfest
In a quick intro to his talk on mentorship, gives his tips to 💯 talk acceptance at #monktoberfest
From one of my favourite talks in a long time given by at #monktoberfest
From one of my favourite talks in a long time given by at #monktoberfest
RT Interesting point on accepting negative assumptions from an audience in order to gain enough curiosity to get the right peop…
Great talk on the power of knowledge by at #monktoberfest
RT Ha! kicks off her #monktoberfest talk calling out "let's go, bring your rainbow colored sheets, w…
Some good questions for marketing your project, app, service, or product by at #monktoberfest
RT You are not your Twitter followers. You are not your GitHub stars and commits. In tech we often time focus on the wrong…
And as a follow-up, great suggestions for dealing with criticism on Twitter from at #monktoberfest
RT I feel this on the procrastination front. It's often times a mental emotional block for me. Good to keep in mind when thi…
RT "Twitter is a great place to get insults." #monktoberfest ~ I mean, true. 😂
Great suggestions for using Twitter deliberately by at #monktoberfest
RT “I don’t know where I would be without forums. I don’t know. It’s my career. It’s what I do. I wanted to play baseball…
Great quote on procrastination by at #monktoberfest
RT This might be my favorite slide ever. #monktoberfest you have my attention 😂
Hey there #monktoberfest! First time attendee but would love to meet any/all of you!
First time here... Already amazing. Make an effort to attend next year!
RT We’re kicking off! Thanks for coming and make sure you grab your shirt and some swag from our sponsors.
#monktoberfest is about inspiring a more inclusive tech community
#monktoberfest is kicking off!
It's my favourite for explaining Community Management 😂
RT George Conway: “Trump Is Unfit for Office” - The Atlantic
So define "a few"....
I decided to go with a Seafood Stew for dinner instead... But there is still time.
#monktoberfest cruise is happening! A great way to kick off the event!
RT Multi-line comments have arrived! You can now highlight multiple lines in a pull request diff and add a comment, all at once.…
RT I'm really excited to open the #devrel awards nominations for 2019. These awards are about lifting everyone in #devrel…
RT Outside of a few outliers, people don't join a customer community out of deep love for the brand or connection to other…
I'm gonna go with.... Aliens
Monk nose bib fork lobster
Monk getting nose picked by lobster
My guess is more like "monk lobster"
First lobster roll at #monktoberfest
RT I don't care how brilliant you are, there's no need to be a jerk.
I'm in Portland for #Monktoberfest - and this greeted me at the airport. It's gonna be a great few days.
RT The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy: 40 years of parody and predictions
Well, it is LaGuardia... So...
After Pulse: Open Source Community Management #devrel #community
"An Unintentionally Comprehensive Introduction to GitHub Actions CI" by #DEVcommunity
I've seen this! Must have! #fomo
Wait... You're also going to be there? That's awesome! Does know this?
RT 🎂 Happy Birthday JavaScript! You are 28 years old today. Here are a few quotes from Netscape's press release of JavaScript tha…
Yeah, not expecting the hail Mary to be called, but geez. The back judge ate the flag and it was so blatant. The NFL will of course say, "Yeah, should have been called. Sorry." but the utter ineptitude is getting old.
I know
One of the most blatant pass interference calls that the referees look the other way. Defender climbs up the back and puts hands all over the helmet before the ball ever arrives. Should have been 1st down at the 5. Come on
Still haven't seen the first season.
RT Joe Burrow’s career winning %: .569 Patrick Mahomes’ career winning % when down by 10+ points: .577
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
If you're dumb enough to take a business phone call while in the shitter, I will not apologize for the sounds that come from my adjoining shitter
Type your profession in the GIF search. (Had to choose the 2nd one since I saw someone else used the 1st one already)
"Starter Villain" by
Amazing Donnie! Great work!
Some shenanigan-prep after #devfestKC with before the speaker dinner
One of my favourite drinks... Some places around here call it a "Gibraltar" and I'm like, "You mean _CORTADO_?"
Great session from here at #devfestkc Slides can be found at
Hearing about the latest and greatest related to #Angular and the Angular Renaissance from at #DevfestKC
If you're at #DevFestKC, I'll be speaking on the history of #DevOps and the importance of CI/CD in your workflows at 3pm in the Blue Room.
Getting a new job requires - prep (LinkedIn, your website, portfolios) - polish resume (big picture wins, etc) - write the cover letter, tailored to each job - practice job interviews - follow the money industries - network via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
Be aware of the warning signs that layoffs are coming - PIPs - managing out (management taking steps to push people out) DOCUMENT EVERYTHING FOR YOURSELF via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
Be aware of the warning signs of impending things that can impact your job via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
Be prepared in your reviews, using your brag sheet, and keep HR in the loop that you're being proactive via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
DTW...
It's fantastic.
One can hope, right?
Yes.
There's always hope Emily.
As long as you use and apply them in the proper location, you'll be fine
Good morning!
Boarded the plane for my first ever #Monktoberfest and first ever trip to Portland, Maine. Let's do this!
I still have the video of you eating yours...
They come up with crazy names normally - I'm guessing their naming generator ran out of juice
The 13in is great, especially if you will do a lot of travel and need to work on a plane. You can connect to external monitor(s) when needed as well. And it's light. Great choice!
Ahh. I never used on mobile. I'll have to check my laptop.
Florida Man has nothing on Trump
Yeah this sucks... I haven't used it in awhile, but was _literally_ going to set it up again tomorrow as web Twitter is terrible
I'm thinking quite a lot. You're quite resourceful.
#soon. Lunch tomorrow.
I blame And it would have been rude to refuse to taste.
That was _one_ time. And I had _one_ of them in Shenzhen. It tasted like dirt, which, oddly enough, is better than kale tastes.
This is really great advice, and a common mistake.
RT Barack Obama: 8 yrs 0 Impeachment inquiries 0 indictments 0 raw dogged porn stars 0 pedophiles endorsed 0 racists pardone…
Just don't burn it - it's an awful waste. And hide it, to share with me and your mates.
I really appreciate the attention to detail by in their "Hello World" tutorial... dropping subtle #ArrestedDevelopment callouts
Seems legit... After the next few days it could be on brand and an acceptable career alternative
RT I did a lot of testing of non-alcoholic beer to see if it would be a good fit for local meetups. I can safely say it would b…
I'm sure there's a lobster boat you could get work, and lodging, on
#soon
There is one solution
Good overview (and refresher) for Git via by
Kale is not a vegetable.
RT Any of my #CMgr or #DevRel friends looking for a change in page and interested in data? would be amazing to w…
Because if you can't drink the pumpkin spice crap fast enough, you might as well let your pores absorb it
RT This post from rings true in so many ways. Thanks for taking the time to write down your tips about taking care of y…
Congratulations! That's so awesome!
RT 🎃Happy #Hacktoberfest 2019! 💙Join the open source celebration and leave a mark on the open source world – one PR at a tim…
"Obstruction" comes to mind as one word to describe this BS
As the parent of ONE beagle, I cant imagine this many at once.
Isn't it just LaCrap? Excuse me... LaCroix?
Don't forget to add "If you use the Oxford comma, are you willing to teach me?"
Dang capitalism
A long list of great resources for speakers _and_ the audience
┐( ˘_˘)┌ and I guess I would try... But how do you know?
I never liked cantaloupe, but I like honeydew.
I endorse this message.
No, #BlameTierney
As well as "fancy goose"
It's what geese eat. So makes sense as a sequel.
Note to self: "Self, clear everything from the calendar for December 13. Kthxbai"
I saw that hashtag trending
Yes. But they don't eat kale. Seems to me they also know how much kale sux.
Right... Thinking they might be prompted to review and be the first to do so.
I personally have no idea, but might be a good place to start?
Hey don't take that away from him. Skills are skills.
It's only been a year? Congrats!
RT Join us TOMORROW in Paris for a Developer Workshop event!
RT BREAKING: Mexico said they'd be happy to pay for Trump's impeachment.
You misspelled "the most disgusting thing on the planet, and I've eaten grubs"
You should look at or would be my suggestion but they're ~$600
Things may be tough. They may suck. But know you have friends who are there for you and are willing to listen or call whomever/whatever a Turd Blossom. At a moment's notice.
... broken dreams, where the city sleeps and I'm the only one, and I walk alone.
RT Nation Perplexed By 16-Year-Old Who Doesn’t Want World To End
Nailed the Green Day reference. I'm proud of you.
What may I ask is tomorrow?
RT Annoyingly, this thread about US track gauge has gone viral. It is also entirely bollocks (other than US standard gauge b…
RT We are always on the look out for folks looking to get involved in their conmunities. Open Source, Enterprise, DevOps, Dev…
It's actually a mixture of true/false... As to the plagiarism... No idea. I'm deleting the post
Honk.
RT has upgraded. helps to write blogs quickly, now i…
I'm always up for a late night beverage (non-alcoholic even) or snack, so just reach out! Otherwise, Thursday morning it is.
Excited to see you again Broberg, as well as Swarna and and then all the others I've not met before, and those I've met only online. First time attending #monktoberfest and already it is looking pretty epic
RT Your audience isn’t always what your board thinks 🙊 Honk.
RT 🎉🎉🎉We're publishing teaser site of #DevRelCon Tokyo 2020! 🎉🎉🎉 Opening CFP!
RT GOOOOOOOOAL! from the edge of the box, top bins! 1-0 #MUFC #MUNARS
A good, historical readout of what the phrase "high Crimes and Misdemeanors" means in the Constitution, and what it meant to the Founding Father's and Framers who were well aware of the term.
Yeah, that was one of the statements from #GymJordan that made my eyes roll around. My hands lost track of the number of people in tRUmp's cabinet alone who fit that description, much less tRUmp and his kids.
Reading the article again... I am already (for right or wrong) painting a mental picture of this author and his societal and political leanings. And it makes sense. SAD!
Willful ignorance maybe?
AWS Naming Schemes
That's awesome. Well done.
Publicly available information has been around about Trump's cadre of criminals.
Saw this quite a few times growing up.
The incompetence and willful ignorance are so obvious here it's truly beyond belief.
I feel like your choice of song and the accompanying dance moves likely contributed.
"Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a purpose." -Garrison Kiellor
Shoot me a DM. I might have something for you in the interim. Also, try (if you haven't already done so) powering off, plugging into your computer, and letting it charge overnight. I've had that work in the past.
Yes, for sure. The challenge, however, is that it really comes down to preaching to the crowd, and the sound bite (as always).
Please add me to your newsletter
I've had this idea of sorts for awhile now...
Patiently waiting like...
Enterprise or start-up? #devrel
The problem is those talking points, i.e. lies, still get out there and are heard.
It was a pariah that was ahead of its time in some respects
And also makes invoking the 25th Amendment that much less likely
Palm Pre! You trendsetter!
Doing what is right is the point, even if it's not politically expedient.
RT BREAKING: New poll says 55% of Americans, including more than 1 in 5 Republicans, approve of House Democrats' decision to launc…
RT 'Spider-Man' swings again: Marvel, Sony reach deal on next Tom Holland film
I don't see any bibs...
You used the wrong punctuation Joe
RT We’re LIVE with and #SNLPremiere
Ahh, the "if only they would include us" argument. Never gets old.
Here lies Jeremy, he was head of my all-time favorite TV show and I had to go ahead and rent a car. Sure.
This just makes me grin and giggle each time I watch it...
I like to keep my friends informed
Meet Brad Wood #devrel
Ahh back in the day when Graham seemed to have a spine. And in case he ever deletes it, here it is for posterity.
Quick escape
RT 1/ Funny story. The puts out a "Weekly Digest" of everything we do, an immensely helpful public resource. Check…
Head of the FEC is on a roll
There's a new Wilco single
Yes it's bribery, but how much different is this really from what lobbyist already do? Albeit not often in the open like this...
Did your filter have that extra emoji at the end of #TheGoodPlace ? Also, great episode.
Semi-charmed Life Basket case Little Miss Can't Be Wrong
I feel like I should be ok with this
I keep successfully avoiding this game
Ok fine. I'll share
I am subscribing to this newsletter
What a time we live in, where this is a statement that has to be made instead of just assumed. Because, you know, it is the law.
This tweet is a dependency...
Look forward to meeting you as well!
I know!
I would if I could, but we evidently aren't done with them yet.
I know it is a thing, but don't know of any studies.
Oh yes. No argument here.
I live in the land of no Giants. I must search for another purveyor
I come here for this content. Where can I get such an amazing work of culinary art?
This is great, but I have 2 questions for you, my Senator from the 3rd District here in Kansas: 1) Why were you in Russia on July 4th of this year? 2) Have you read the Whistleblower complaint? 3) Where do you stand on Trump's impending impeachment? I'll be over here. Waiting.
RT I just finished reading "The Indispensable Community: Why Some Brand Communities Thrive When Others Perish…
I am so tempted... The lineup is awesome.
I get that we are friends... But you didn't have to share your weather Mary.
So proud! Congratulations Jim!
Guy has an issue reading, still has to go back to law school (per judge), and his own party didn't want him running for KS Gov #ksleg
RT Flying with #AsyncAPI and #RAML. Read my new article at blog: 👉 ❔ What do you think? Is i…
Yup, I have all of my old hard drives in external housings... I think this one I had even jailbroken so that it was also an external hard drive so I might be able to access everything if I can find a cable.
Just found my old iPod 5G 30GB.... No idea what's on it though and can't find my cable 乁( •_• )ㄏ
RT Join us at our #Developer Workshop in Paris on Oct. 2! You'll walk away from the workshop with a thorough understanding…
RT Calling all machine learning developers and data scientists 👀 Today we're excited to share the CodeSearchNet Challenge and the…
RT With #pubsub, you can postpone sending out messages to the subscribers by following this tip and trick in the Solace Commun…
"One is the loneliest number..." when you're waiting to start a meeting....
Wish there was multiple choice, because it's Hallway Track and Talks that make me think for me
RT The demons signing the kars 4 kids song is the funniest joke in the history of #TheGoodPlace.
RT Forking nailed it. #TheGoodPlace
RT Hang in there! Help is available.
Tbh I want to believe it... And it's likely true. At this point wouldn't put anything past this Republican Senate though.
RT Proud to have ElectionGuard open sourced on GitHub. Discover more open source voting projects like and
This is ridiculous. If I can read it, as someone who's job is NOT about the governing of the country, I think it's reasonable to expect that our country's leaders read FIVE PAGES!! This is gross negligence on their part, plain and simple. Many didn't even read the Mueller report.
Are you ready for #Hacktoberfest 2019? Support Open Source in October and earn a limited edition T-shirt!
This would be a good example of a patriot.
RT #DevRel have lots of work to cover, having a clear set of goals💯, write blogs, travel around the world, catch our breath at…
What did Spidey ever do to ?
RT We're excited to announce that we're holding #devrel training workshops on December 9th, the day before #DevRelCon London. We'…
RT NSFW. I love my friends in the Superhero Fantasy Football League. Trash talking is an unfortunate requirement. This we…
A great question - but given the testimony so far, unless a whistleblower goes through the proper channels to make sure it's known, it would get buried by this Administration.
RT Code it, ship it, own it with full-service ownership via by from
RT BREAKING NEWS: Acting DNI Tells Congress Under Oath That Intelligence Community Whistleblower Complaint About July 2019 T…
RT “If you have a #devops team, you’re doing it wrong.” Have you met ⁦ No? Well you should — come talk to him a…
RT Maguire: “I think the whistleblower did the right thing.”
RT This is so important. It’s not a value judgment on the practice (I have my own thoughts on it) but pretending it doesn’t…
RT 24 years ago Steve Ballmer and Bill Gates celebrated the Windows 95 launch I broke down the film
RT TUNE IN ALERT: and host a Special Report: The Impeachment Inquiry. Tune in.
Mary's writing a new book! Yay!
Hey you stuck your head in my pictures.
Twice? Really seems like a stalker at this point.
RT "10 Things The Princess Bride Teaches Us About DevOps" by at #devopsdays Chicago 2019
RT How do you create a developer experience that is inclusive &amp; empathetic? explore the barriers developers face whe…
This was a fantastic talk - can't say enough about it and I've watched it a few times. Much appreciated as it came at a perfect time I think for myself and many in the industry.
This is the content I come to Twitter for.
So - any plans for Android support? Asking for ~1bn potential users.
They don't have to. Trump's base will buy it, and as long as they do, the Republicans in strong Trump areas have nothing to worry about.
For sure. Fair point that.
Perhaps... But remember the Senate unanimously approved the resolution calling for the release of the whistleblower complaint, with McConnell hot-tracking it.
RT (っ◔◡◔)っ ♥ After Pulse ♥ "At what point should a company start sponsoring conferences as well as how to mitigate team-wide b…
It would seem like the Senate Republicans sense the tide turning
RT You know who else donated to Biden? Donald J. Trump, in 2001.
RT The memo that was released this morning is utterly damning. There is no way around the fact that the president sought to u…
RT A developer might build a chatbot of course, but would you ever use one yourself to learn more about a technical produc…
RT Jamie Cantrell ( explores making your #community a safe space in this talk from DevRelCon San Francisco: htt…
Zombieland: Double Tap. That is all.
When satire mirrors real life...
RT Hey, everyone! The full #hacktoberfest site is now live and REGISTRATION for Hacktoberfest 2019 is OPEN! 📝 This year’s e…
RT If you’re wanting your customers to upgrade and join you in new features, you have to make sure your community understands…
RT Thirteen children of firefighters who died at the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, and six whose fathers died of 9/11-rel…
Not soon enough
Hi friends!
Thank you Ned for everything you have done for the Royals!
🤪💙
Know your value in the company, and relate everything you do towards the company's goals. Keep a brag sheet. Know where you fit in the company salary bands, and also know where you fit in the industry. via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
Knowing your company and how they make money can help you stay ahead of the curve. Always ask. Do some research. via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
A few key points on weathering the storm - Beef up your savings (~6mo) - Know investment options (401k, IRAs) - Know medical expense options (FSAs, HSAs, Dependents) via at #devfestkc #DevFest2023
The #devfestkc keynote is from talking about "How to Weather the Storm of Economic Uncertainty" #DevFest2023
My first #devfestKC is kicking off now with welcoming us all #DevFest2023
OH: I'm a web developer, I don't do easier ME:
RT George Santos has been expelled. If they can do this to a college volleyball star, world famous Brazilian journalist, suc…
Fucking hell... stupid hot takes like that are getting old. He is equating 8 hrs in the office to 100% productivity, and he's 200% wrong. Office Space had it right....
Yep, like college money, new shoes and clothes, rides 🙄
Absofuckinglutely
That was a good night
Fuckin A
Well done. Well played. Good luck on what's next, and take some well-deserved time off!
Congrats Emily on a great run there. They've been able to hopefully learn a lot from you as well. I'm really looking forward to hearing what's next!
RT All y'all Elon stans, screaming about companies trying to blackmail Galaxy Brain, don't understand what blackmail is. Ref…
Where were you hanging around that this happened? 🥺
In my head I hear them saying it like Brian Regan: "The big yellow one is the sun!"
AMAZING on BOTH things! Great work! CONGRATS 🎉
Yeah, I just happened to see it pop up on my AppleTV and at first thought it was just populating stuff to watch, not new stuff
RT The Role of API Design Governance -
RT Tips for effective dialogue: * actively listen * Bring empathy &amp; respect * Seek to understand * Listen 2x as much as…
to start with
RT If you are having trouble connecting to ws:// in #pubsub Cloud, this workaround from the Solace Community is what you want.…
Ahh... there's a tweet for everything.....
When mocked a disabled person during the 2016 campaign it was....
RT a house impeachment would be the first popular vote trump ever won
RT Thinking about giving a talk at a meetup or submitting to a conference? Here are my 5 tips for delivering an awesome tech…
RT The Senate has *unanimously* agreed to Schumer's resolution calling for the whistleblower complaint to be turned over th…
#oxfordcommaclub #oxfordcommalovesyoualmostasmuchasweloveyou and #jakeTapperLovesTheComma
RT Together, PubSub+ and Boomi provide the #cloudnative, #eventdriven, enterprise-grade data integration platform your enterprise n…
RT 🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃🍃 Join me for #MongoDB .local London on Sept 29th! Are you a 🎓 student 🎓 or from an ✨ underrepresented group ✨? D…
RT I never thought in a million years that as society would split into insane and rational sides that I’d be on team rational.
RT Want to look at log messages using Solace Cloud? Check out this incredibly helpful documentation.
RT On National Voter Registration Day, it’s up to us as citizens to make sure everyone we know can make their voices heard at…
Not sure we have the time for that rabbit hole
At the moment they're a bit disorganised, but give them time.
Oh yes. So much yes.
My daughter today while being dropped off early for marching band practice: "If any group at school would be a cult, it would be the band. And I'm pretty sure the clarinet's and trombones are each already one." She plays the flute.
And extremely healthy.
#ImWithJake #oxfordcommaclub
RT Hello! Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! Are you registered to vote? Are your friends registered to vote? Go her…
What do you think / / Doable?
RT Son: why does Saturn have so many rings? Me: Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky. Wife: Seven for the Dwarf-lo…
Why I bet my career on React #devrel
Hacktoberfest is happening soon...
RT Today it's been 2,474 days since Dylan was murdered at Sandy Hook. 2,474 days since he's been gone from my life. He was…
RT ‘Mommy, you need to show this because this is horrific and people need to understand’ — Sandy Hook mom Nicole Hockley expl…
I wouldn't say we'll be missing it, Bob
RT 100% “word of mouth” growth is a myth or, at best, the exception. Behind each “we grew through WOM!” story is a team who…
Adventures of Walter Mitty There's Something About Mary Nacho Libre First three on top of my head
RT Greta Thunberg. The whole speech. Watch every second of it. #UNGA
That's being positive.
Truth.
RT Solace’s Java, JavaRTO, C, .NET or JMS APIs allow you to group multiple message send and/or receive operations together. Re…
RT I'm excited to share this talk! this is honestly one of my favorite talks: it's about "hello world…
Perfect. Thanks mate
One of the top talks I've heard in 2019
Awesome... So you're now enjoying the nice bath salts the other Emily ordered?
I'm assuming of course that you went through both orders to decide which one to accept right?
. a quick question on London... I just noticed, while about to submit a talk with co-presenters, that there is now (or was all along?) a note about submitting talks via a Typeform instead. Is this new? Will all submissions via Papercall be included?
RT 1. A massive Facebook Page called "I Love America" — which has 1.1 million followers — is actually run by Ukrainians Recent…
I wonder if anyone stuck around to see the reanimated dead as a result?
Solid choice of coffee and brewing technique
RT It’s okay to ask for help. Personal, professional, or whatever the situation. Sooner rather than later. Just thought you’…
Yes, very good movie and I too recommend.
"..they understood that when you put value into a person it empowers that person to get in touch with their own inherent value, and where do they put that value, but into their work."
Seems on point
RT "How dare you!" 16-year-old climate activist Greta Thunberg tells world leaders they’re robbing her generation of a fut…
"Dear God, what is that thing?"
It's definitely something for me, and I don't travel nearly as much as others do.
Great talk at #devopsdays Chicago! rocked it!
"Look, Ma! No ladder needed!"
RT Want to do something? Do it because you want to do it. Not because you’ll please someone by doing it, for, you’ll only set…
RT A person cannot be both a successful party leader and also a successful speaker of the House. The missions are in conflict…
Redefining SDKs as software diversity kits #devrel
Swinging wildly at glitter #devrel
It's fine.
Yes you do. 💙
My hopes were dashed...
At first I was excited.... Then disappointed when I read further.
Never used any of the Open Betas
RT Did you know you can passwordless SSH? Here's how, and how to decide whether you should with #EnableSysadmin
Reported and blocked.
Seems like a weird line to cut off at...
I have family members that either don't follow me or block me. I feel you.
So... About that...?
Umm you said that was just between us
It was my pleasure, and we will repeat it again I am certain
RT Hey friends, there’s just over one week left to get your #DevOpsDays Hartford tickets! If you’ve been dragging your feet, no…
And that's going to be a tough job trying to find all the missing records Trump has destroyed or hidden....
I know Duke Philip James Heachcliff Archibald Reginald Braithewaite Sturgeon III. We enjoyed a great night in Seattle and then Guinness and Bailey's with coffee the morning after. I know him. 😉
Because, as Phil tells it, pirating came from Bristol.
Spot on
RT One challenge will define the future for today’s young generation more dramatically than any other: Climate change. The mi…
RT If these reports are true, then there is truly no bottom to President Trump’s willingness to abuse his power and abase our co…
Dang, I missed it 乁( •_• )ㄏ, but while I have you, who funds the Federalist?
#Android10 on the #OnePlus7Pro... Let's see how this goes!
Thanks for sharing... I need to find some bleach
What investors think of developer relations #devrel
Your first 100 developers #devrel
Building an army of advocates without a big budget #devrel
Creating psychological safety in digital communities #devrel
Breaking down barriers to ‘Hello World’ #devrel
Why do we have so many stickers? #devrel
Kindness engineering #devrel
I mean, what could go wrong? It's not like he has an issue with telling the truth... Oh yeah...
But now that you mention it, it was Delta and the food was absolutely amazeballs
Hey I didn't mention which airline... 😆
RT The most remarkable part of the Ukraine story is that it has Trump trying to collude with a foreign power to influence his ne…
Can't remember the last good food I had with United....
Amash with the shade, and he's also correct.
I gotta say... The burger I had in Premium Select on Delta this week was surprisingly good
RT How can we de escalate the situation? What can be learned from this? The community is strong and believes in th…
I am made of questions
RT Still waiting to hear what is going to do for his employees who are getting named and shamed in the media fo…
Jono.
RT Naruto run! Some guy who's probably going to get himself killed is the first 'Storm Area 51' meme
And don't get it wet
July 2
Only just recently met you in person, but you are an amazing person and I look forward to more opportunities.
Subscribe
RT . glad to see passed his online Photoshop course.
Had a great time meeting everyone at my first #devopsdays #DevOpsDaysSthlm and seeing old friends. There were some great speakers, and the organizers were great. Can't wait until next year!
Always a pleasure... Now keep your seat inclined correctly please.
RT The bill was called #HR1, You voted against it. But ask McConnell if he will support it…
This is the combo I recommend if you are going to implement a chat system for your community. If your community culture is one that desires chat then it makes sense, but I feel you have to start with async (Discourse) first and expand from there.
Fun fact, I had an IBM XT with the ST506 drive
KPIs for KPIs sake are no KPIs at all.
I endorse this use of technology.
Towards a more inclusive developer portal #devrel
Tips from 15 years of experience doing live-demos #devrel
Marketplace management: managing difficult partners #devrel
RT Sandy Hook Promise has released this harrowing PSA in time for back-to-school
Along with and
Yes! I'm attending for the first time as well! Can't wait to hang again.
So... By uttering such idiocy, Shapiro has just unwittingly stated that the 20+ allegations against Trump are valid and correct.
Not bad at all
Open Source Community Management (Ep 40) #devrel #community
We went with - ping me if you want to discuss the decision process!
Good talk at #devopsdays Chicago....
So you can taste the difference, but not in a bad way. I like it and you should now get one.
On it.
2.5x the cost vs the US... seems plausible
Somebody please talk me out of going across the street to Burger King while at #DevOpsDaysSthlm
TFW you're waiting for to update your MQMs from a flight taken 48hrs ago to see if you're over the hump for Platinum before your flight tomorrow.
David is an accomplished illustrator and you can find his work at and even purchase his work and get custom designs at
Hobbyist is putting it lightly. You're very accomplished at both! Own it!
RT This explains two things about men: 1. Why we love the Three Stooges 2. Why we don't live as long as women
Alice is an accomplished Relaxation Coordinator. Her endorsements are: - Half-heartedly chasing squirrels and rabbits - Barking at every sound - Devouring her food in an instant and thinking we won't notice
This is awesome and thanks for sharing Wesley! I know you're going to do great!
Illegal pickles are always the best pickles
Why is the house still standing?
RT LATE NIGHT FOLLOW SPREE! RETWEET NOW FOR A FOLLOW! #AGT GOT ME TOO HYPE FOR SLEEP!
Ahh.. the time-honored internet rabbit hole. That is about the best one I've seen. Well done sir. Well done.
Same. But first question... Where are you reading this? Second question... Why?
RT There’s a shortage of perfect movies in this world. It would be a pity to damage this one.
After Pulse: Moving Day #devrel #community
RT Moving From Needs To Identity - If you want to be a community which members visit every day, you need to expand the nat…
Yay!
"To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public." -Theodore Roosevelt
RT Just 16, is already one of our planet’s greatest advocates. Recognizing that her generation will bear the b…
Rudolph played _too many_ reindeer games.
As always, is dropping his colorful truth bombs... Some good ones throughout this thread
I know someone whose first public transport experience was in Vancouver... (h/t )
RT Today, we're announcing the launch of our online developer #community for Solace #PubSub+ 🎉. Read more about our commit…
Spot on thread. We have witnessed white (and rich) privilege in one of the simplest ways possible. Don't tell me, _ever_, that racism doesn't exist at the most basic, systemic levels of our society.
Always helpful to remember these
As linked in another post, I suggest you read to get a good baseline. Measuring should always come in line with what you're trying to achieve. KPIs for KPIs sake is not KPIs at all.
Measuring DevRel comes down to what the company is trying to achieve. DevRel is not about $, and is instead about literal relationships with developers for a product/service/project. I suggest you familiarise yourself with this from
Success for advocates would/should not be tied to MQLs or sales leads. Advocates are generally ones who advocate to the developer for a company, and to the company for the developer. They facilitate an actual feedback loop, not a monetary one. This would be SDKs, samples, etc.
I have questions.
I'm sure there's an app for that...
Oh yes...
RT THREAD: I'm tired of hearing this fraudulent argument against an assault weapons ban. If someone makes this argument to yo…
They just stole your t.. thus proving your point
That's fine. But that's not the definition of community. What you're more pointing to is likely a Healthy Community. But selfish groups of people are still a community, a toxic one for sure, just not one you want to be a part of.
Support is always a challenging position for a company wanting to build community to be in. It does take a lot of work, you're right. But that doesn't mean it isn't, nor can't be called, community. Community is literally any group sharing/having certain common attitudes/interests
Wishing you the best in your dreams! You're going to do great!
Not eat guacamole?
At #devopsdayssthlm we are hearing how "Continuous Delivery was never about faster" from
A good definition of #devops by at #devopsdayssthlm
If you're at #devopsdays Stockholm come by the booth to find out about #eventdriven messaging and register for a nice prize!
I will reach out!
Completely agree. He's gone and may history show the real reasons.
Good. RMS has resigned from MIT and the FSF. Now may he fade from sight
A talking frog of course #friendsjoke
RT Want to check out the talks and presentations from this year's #devopsdays Chicago? They're online!
RT We've got new resources for #developers. Read it on the to learn: 👉🏼 What Spring Proje…
RT Building Open Source Communities by
Thanks! I'll check these out!
I'm in Stockholm, at a heavy metal bar, drinking Guinness, eating a fantastic steak, and playing trivia. Oddly very on brand.
RT "Your first 1,000 developers are going to be different from your first 100,000 developers. You need to think about who y…
RT Here are the slides for my talk on "10 Things You Didn't Know That Postman Can Do". #postman #postcon20…
RT I sell swag packs for $15. No shipping, no tax. I picked that model because it's the exact opposite of the complexity that i…
RT For every retweet this gets, I will add an Uncomfortable Truth to the thread.
Just noticed that #SlowHorses Season 3 is out (EP 1 &amp; 2 at least) on Apple TV... The first 2 seasons were great, and glad the 3rd season is out so quickly. Highly recommend. Gary Oldman is perfect in it.
Yessss! #DevOpsDaysKC!!!
RT This man is unhinged.
Yeah, sarcasm is a love language
So frustrating that it seems every time Martial gets subbed on in a match where we've been pressing and keeping the pressure on the opposition's defensive half, the tempo changes and their defense can press forward because Martial's work rate is atrocious.
I really appreciate all of you who either chose "eat half the pizza" or "just move the pizza you lazy asshole". Those of you who decided I should just eat a few slices... What is wrong with you?
Right? Geez
Definitely a charge
Me: This talk I'm giving touches on the history of DevOps and how we used to do things... Wife: Like have a job? 🤣😂 Me:
Oh, I like that! Protect the valuable items
In case you were wondering, four pizzas from is enough to set off the "put a seatbelt on the fucking passenger" alarm. Now I'm face to the whole new dilemma: how many pieces do I need to eat so the alarm turns off?
If you need something sooner, I have some options that I no longer need. I shot them to you in a DM
And I am so thankful for that Tim
If pre-school and elementary school taught us anything, it's that if you don't have enough to share with everyone, don't bring it.
Yeah, seems to me like he's projecting 🤔
Thanks Will.
Thanks Sasha!
RT Under our Constitution, the power to commence war lies with Congress, not the president and certainly not Saudi Arabia. We…
RT The CFP is now open until tomorrow at midnight. Submit your talks asap!
And as you're leaving, I'm arriving in Europe for DevOpsDays Stockholm... See you at #monktoberfest
RT High school dance group goes viral after recreating the final battle in Avengers: Endgame
On my way! Will be there Monday around 1400.
I am so sorry. This is absolutely unacceptable for anyone, full stop. RMS needs to be an afterthought as of last week.
Alice's beagle nose doesn't miss the opening of any food package, but is often found resting on our bed.
Narrator: That's not an apology.
Fantasy football, bringing us all together!
RT Grateful is enforcing its new policy to prohibit open carry. It took five officers to get this man to leave the…
RT When you look back at the earth from space, you see no borders. No cultural differences. No division of countries. It’s cal…
Yay! Congratulations, and I can't wait to see the amazing things you will do!
Companies... You can do better. Properly attributing contributions is paramount to good #opensource stewardship... And should be part of your acquisition story.
RT Very excited to announce the partnership with Love supporting people trying out new technologies and t…
RT Join us at our #Developer Workshop in Paris on Oct. 2! Our Dev Advocate will give an intro to Solace, and di…
Literally, an amazing idea!
RT New Pop-Up National Park Offers 500 Square Feet Of Pristine Wilderness For Next 2 Days
Oh now that's what greatness is made of. I feel inspired for a show.
I'm sure people are always willing to throw something together. I'll show myself out.
Can't. Stop. Watching.
This will be good!
But somewhere in the latest upgrade cycle, decided that me thinking there was an actual issue instead of just that my queue was full was preferable. I'm assuming they're looking at the logs and laughing at my expense. I get it. Join the peanut gallery. But fix your stuff!
To add insult to injury, _used_ to have a nice, descriptive, and helpful, error message which said "Your queue is full! Maybe you should upgrade from the free plan you schmuck!", and I was ok with that. Because I knew what the error was and I could choose to wait to post.
So, let's have a little talk ... There's this thing called "descriptive, and helpful, error messages". The attached is not one of them. Guess what it means? That my queue is full. Guess what it tells me? That there's a general problem, alluding to network. Nope. It's not.
If you don't get emotional... ¯\_ಠ_ಠ_/¯
RT How the hell did this Elizabeth Heng ad where face is burned up clear ABC network standards and practices?
I'd vote off the island tonight: Yang Klobuchar Sanders Castro Biden
RT Every teacher in America must make at least $60,000 a year. #DemDebate
Agreed on Beto, with Buttigieg as NSA or Defense. And to me it looks like Biden got his face pulled back at the hairline.
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” -Martin Luther King, Jr.
RT What we’re talking about here is what’s going to happen in families’ pockets. The answer is that under #MedicareForAll, costs…
RT The path to the American middle class is getting rockier. Students are getting crushed by mountains of student debt. We face a…
RT I know of at least one other case where Stallman has decided to protect an abuser. This is entirely on brand and it's painful th…
Well, now I'm hungry! Thanks
See, these are actual plans with facts. Can anyone show me a Republican, much less Trump, who is doing the same thing?
I missed #CMXSummit this year, but Mary does a great job of taking notes!
Don't worry. I got my sandwich. Or the next door neighbor's. Most certainly mine though.
TMW you see the delivery driver drive past your house instead of stopping
This. So much. This.
I love your 4️⃣.... I've always loved your energy and you have amazing things to say.
- I ask ridiculous questions
RT therapist: and why are you here today? me: watched a coworker use a website for 25 minutes without clearing the cookie not…
One of the best talks given at #devrelcon UK last year. really rocked it for her first talk ever.
This is the real America, not what Trump and his cronies and base try to say it is. Good on these boys.
RT We gotta talk about #MentalHealth in the workplace. And leaders have to go first.
RT I will #NeverForget seeing Dems and Republicans come together 18 yrs ago to sing “God Bless America” on the Capitol Steps.…
RT What are Routines in the Google Home app, and how do you use them?
RT DevRel Weekly - Issue 80 - Career Paths, Online Communities, and Stepping Away from Work - Sep 6th 2019
RT #AsyncAPI 2.0.0 is out! A huge congrats to our friends on the team. 👏 Check out the new release on
#NeverForget the dogs of 9/11 who worked tirelessly, some doing roles like having to find the dead (instead of the living) that they weren't prepared or trained for (and some suffered emotionally as a result). This whole thread.... 😢😭
While this is corrupt, in all fairness I would think that the would have taken a clue that the weren't attending a 9/11 memorial service....
RT 18 years ago, nearly 3,000 Americans – including 206 people from MA – died when terrorists attacked our shores. This 9/11 an…
RT And it's done! AsyncAPI 2.0.0 is out! Following, we'll update tooling so everyone can use it. Thanks…
A great resource for getting started on your #100DaysOfCode journey
RT As we remember those we lost on 9/11, we also remember the spirit of unity and togetherness that defined the weeks and mon…
I still remember where I was on 9/11/2001 when the world changed, just getting settled into my chair at work &amp; getting a phone call from my wife who had just heard about a plane hitting the first Tower. What followed was a day that I hope is never repeated. #NeverForget
With whole milk.
RT Poor walrus. #LSSC
I've done a good 20 minutes before, just asking them to repeat things, and "that's fascinating". I made it through an entire box of Oreos before they finally gave up trying to tell me how to get to the task manager so I could load up the RDP app. 🤩🤪🤣
Passion… like magnets, it can attract or repel #devrel
From software engineer to dev rel: the good, the bad, and the rewarding #devrel
git fetch coffee: thoughts on interns and junior roles in dev rel #devrel
I'm really liking it so far personally, and I haven't even touched the surface. Migration from Pocket worked pretty well too.
This would then be a perfect reason to elect her.
May not be the hero we wanted, but he's the hero we needed
Excel?
Standing up for the truth takes courage, but must be done in the face of tyranny and narcissism.
RT The good news is, Trump has fired John Bolton as National Security Advisor. The bad news is, Trump is thinking about hirin…
They misspelled "Everytime I open vim"
RT I offered to resign last night and President Trump said, "Let's talk about it tomorrow."
RT Perhaps the best reason not to build your community on Facebook groups is Facebook can shut down your group at any time…
Well done!
Discourse for actual, online, searchable, comms... And Discord, Mattermost, etc for short, live comms. Slack has continued to remove community management features over the years and I personally feel it's not a good tool anymore for online community
RT From tonight’s #LNSM: Who has better credibility?
There is still hope for the youth of today as I hear a few of these kids drive away from this band event playing "Buddy Holly" by at a spectacular volume.
Help a brother out.
If it would do any good I would unfollow you and follow again.
I'm serious.....
I'm usually opposed to grocery store sushi on principle, but is a bit of alright.
This is not normal.
RT “If you smoosh those together and you sprinkle some unicorn dust, a rainbow pops out and then a developer advocate is born.”…
A good plan .. you'll be there a few days
RT Little toy I built yesterday (that I'll blog about Monday) - It's a app using APIs fro…
Only two? Are you slacking?
So about this - does this apply to all situations and scenarios? Or are there exceptions?
Congrats David! You're going to do great!
RT Create better APIs by improving the design process. This blog post by one of our engineers dives into design concepts in…
Yes, very valid. I know that in this instance it is not the case.
RT for reach... When many of the recorded talks are already published for that same conference, I think it's beyond time to publish.
RT Big problems on the ferry from Freeport to Florida — announcement just made that any Bahamian without a visa must now get o…
RT BREAKING: The US Air Force has ordered a sweeping review of its use of Trump resorts for overnight crew accommodations…
Ahh makes sense. I'll pass this on.
When someone sneezes at the communion table does it invalidate the elements? Asking for a friend.
Yeah.. that's what I'm thinking as well
Right? I feel the formation of a talk here...
This. My biggest challenge is holding the temp, especially with my upright smoker.
The men's soccer team would have better success if that were the case. Because it's fictional, and that's the level of their play at this point.
RT An engaged community is a huge sales differentiator. As points out, it not only reduces churn, but it also activ…
RT This clip is from Wednesday night, August 28. (Transcript: ) No one disputes that Alabama was incl…
RT I love this. Eric Trump tries to dunk on accidentally proves he's a great journalist.
In all fairness, Eric couldn't identify a business tactic from an orange tictac
Happy Birthday Russell!
My first #apicity19 and it was fantastic. So thankful to have been able to speak, meet some new friends, and reconnect with old ones, and look forward to #apicity20!
Unable to watch the #usmnt match vs Mexico, but following along on Twitter. All I have to say, is that continues to lose their argument that the #uswnt doesn't deserve equal pay as the men. The USMNT has been atrocious, while the USWNT continues to set the standard.
That's why I was surprised! They're a worthwhile replacement.
Ken. Really?
Then does that make Mattermost the new Pine?
RT Just got an email from my kid’s school saying they had their ‘lockdown’ drill today. You know schools in other countries…
RT An Alaska Airlines employee caused a 300 person stampede at Newark Airport bc they saw two E Asian guys (who were stra…
They won't though.. they don't have a true head, only and appointment stooge. Like most of the cabinet now (which also means the 25th is less likely to be invoked - but that's another rant).
The documentary they did a few years back was amazing, &amp; had stories like how "Shiny Happy People" came about - the label thought they had too many songs &amp; needed another in so they threw that together quickly. Who would have ever thought that it would become as famous as it did.
"What's the frequency Kenneth?" taken as just a guitar song was amazing to me, with the crunch from the outset. They signalled from the first chord that they were returning to the electric guitar and it warmed my heart to no end, and still does.
Fun fact, "Monster" by is my favourite REM album, with "Automatic for the People" a close second. So many of these songs hit me where I was as a senior in HS in 1994. Nostalgic to the max today.
Fun fact... My favourite REM album
You smile like the cartoon, tooth for a tooth You said that irony was the shackles of youth
dogging the scene
is your Benzedrine, uh-huh
Two of me favourite people!
RT Figuring out The One Metric (TOM) that matters for events is a core part of defining event ROI. #CMXSummit
RT Use a common biz metric that matters, and is understood across the business: "DevRel/Community Qualified Leads." This hel…
Now you just use NFC on your phone to pay... So that's easier
I have multiple Oyster cards as they seem to stop working
RT "Once the deployment is successful, the function should be ready to serve requests and can be accessed over HTTPs at the fol…
I always forget to bring my ORCA card
RT Last talk of the day: talking about building a rich developer community. #CMXSummit2019
This gonna be good
You're missing the big snake. But, probably for the best! Good luck!
RT Hello devops friends! We finally got around to setting up our own YouTube channel, where we will be posting videos from…
RT
OH: "I thought we were going to do karaoke dancing." (h/t )
RT if you want to see my slides from my #OpenAPISpec talk at #APICity2019 (links included!), here's a link 🔗
RT We are less than 2 months out from DevOpsDays KC. You are going to want to get your tickets soon. We sold out last year a…
OH: I'm not a remote employee, I'm a cloud native employee.
RT One of the biggest tips from when working with a distributed team... treat _everyone_ as remote. Keep agendas, not…
DM me and I will send you a bunch
If you're at #apicity19 come check out the / / stickers
Please. I beg of you.
Yeah it's a lot of dust which the light is reflecting off of...
Congratulations to you both!
My laptop screen is dirty. Send help.
Now I feel like a late night taco run is in order.. could it be better than my late night go to? Must know, for science.
Now up is Joyce Lin's talk on "Escaping the microservices dependency hell" via at #Apicity19
RT WATCH: Asked about the #sharpie-doctored map from earlier today, repeats his lie about Alabama ha…
RT We don't need better APIs, we need better API experiences. #APICity2019
Always looking to learn, so if I used any please let me know so I can grow.
RT We're only two days out from I'm SUPER excited to see everyone 🎉 If you're in NYC and have some t…
RT Check out to see how event driven development help you! #APICity2019
RT And partnering with to build out tooling for event-driven API architectures! #APICity2019
RT Our lives are event-driven. A single event can trigger a number of other events. #APICity2019
RT . talks about event-driven API architecture and how some of the requirements needed have been answered through RE…
And Taylor's slides are available at and check out the tools present at via at #Apicity19
When building/using APIs, design first, use mocking and feedback, and testing. via at #Apicity19
When you realise your talk is 50min earlier than you first thought...
#OpenAPI is not just about API documentation and a technical representation - it's a tool for collaboration via at #Apicity19
The definition and structure of the #OpenAPI specification via at #Apicity19
Dogs. They're amazing.
Ready for talk on "Going to infinity and beyond documentation with #OpenAPI Specification" at #apicity19
I'm ready for #APICity2019
I call this, "Why am I always left holding the champagne bowl when out with and others? But this Moscow Mule tastes wonderful."
Congratulations Q! You're gonna do amazing things!
Can't have it from me. Asking too much.
You're just taking 2 minutes from me. So go right ahead.
Please help me know how to tell...
RT 📢 POST/CON Speaker Announcement: 📢 Founder of Persea Consulting, will explain how to create feedback loops…
Kevin.
RT If you're at #CMXSummit this week be sure to catch Apress author talk on Friday morning!
I submit: Rooney to Van Persie vs. Aston Villa
RT How can #metrics help #OpenSource Communities? last #OSSummit, shared with Bitergia his thoughts about using metri…
RT What does a Barista have in common with a #DevRel specialist? blog post explores the jobs people had before…
How being a rabbi prepared me for dev rel #devrel
How Twilio leveled-up developer training with TwilioQuest #devrel
Mimosa start to the day. #APICity19 here i come.
It's about dang time... #LSSC
Congratulations! Wow how time flies!
That's awesome! Great minds think alike!
. did a fantastic job mentioning this, amongst other great insights last week at #devopdayschi
Same, though I will be at #apicity2019 instead
RT Our #developer advocate, shows how Solace embraces open protocols and standards in this new video.📹 See how…
I have so many questions.
RT I had so much fun writing this blogpost with the help of my #DevRel community. Thanks to
So confused... Woman at the grocery store just walked up to the donut case, took a donut, and started eating it. Is that a thing? If so, why am I just now finding out about this?
It's been like 25 years since I dated... I can't even imagine.
Thanks Tessa, yeah it's been an interesting journey so far. A lot also are waiting until Q1 fiscal year to make some moves, so there's that as well.
RT In this episode of Semaphore Uncut, we welcome DevRel Jeremy shares his experience in DevRel and insights int…
Yep, absofuckinglutely. Plenty of ways to make this impactful without losing the trust of developers.
Thanks man, I appreciate it. If you hear of companies with DevRel, Community, DevEx roles that need an experienced leader with even track record, shoot me a note
I have some great interviews and conversations this week that will hopefully lead to my next job. It's definitely true what they say: "Looking for a job is a full-time job." I've had just as many meetings on my calendar as I did when employed, but way too many rejections.
I know you're a sniper
Yeah, it's a wild time for sure
Thanks Sharat. It's the way things shake out sometimes, and I'm hopeful that means there's something great around the corner. Or a stepping stone to something better.
If things had gone differently in August, I would be at Re:Invent this week with a lot of great former coworkers helping interact with and educate people on some awesome dev tools. But, that was not to be. Having lots of FOMO, and wish all my friends there a great, safe time.
Congrats Carter! 🎉
Yeah, different people, but yeah - a grift all the same
My answer always comes down to "It depends" because there are so many options and so many preferences. I've used all types, and have finally rested on bags. I use the (pics in order) Errant Sling for town, and the Errant Pro for travel (also used the Prima System)
Yeah, and then most pivot to free tier with most features, and then pay for "advanced" features. I'm not usually a free trial fan, but for B2B it's pretty normal
All of this sounds like the shit the organizer at pulled (and wasn't the first time she did it either) last year
Hopefully we will have more opportunities to showcase our classiness soon
Ahh, that was a night.
I have that effect it seems 😜
RT Building community around your brand is a long-term play. If you can’t commit to it for at least 12 months, don’t even s…
I feel like what the world needs is an Ignite talk dedicated to this very thread.
RT The Treaty of New Echota in 1835 gave the Cherokee tribe the right to send a delegate to Congress. For the first time, it has fill…
This is my standard practice.
There is nothing quite like the joy and wonder of a child. Recapturing this in life should be an endeavor for all of us.
Just reinforces the randomness
Let's not mention Chronicles of Narnia
He has to make it fit the narrative that only criminals commit crimes, and only violent criminals. The truth is different.
Google Reader, hands down.
At one point piwik was this. Not sure where that stands now.
I feel like we have been preparing for hurricanes all wrong up until now. Who knew that the best way was to go golfing?
Good thread and thoughts on community professional types
RT spider-sense but it warns you when you’re about to say something awkward and stupid
Will require pictures
This statement is powerful and spot on. Take the 2 minutes to read.
If so, then I think the episode might be defective.
So I just got caught up with #TheGoodPlace, and that last episode of Season 3 was amazing and so thought-provoking. I did however catch what seems to be a tear duct issue and had trouble with them leaking. For that I give it a 9/10 and would definitely watch again. For science.
RT Pay your interns. That's all.
So I may have misunderstood, as I can do this with minimal jaw movement
I don't hear a full sound of thunder, but I can make a sound and equalise pressure in my ears without yawning.
Yep, it me.
Is this sound heard by others? Or just the person? Because if just the person, this is me.
If you find out you're required to share.
RT imagine if PT Cruisers killed thousands of people a year and what was important to you was making sure people knew what the…
"Can you kick it like I kick it when I kick this, Can I get a witness?" #LyricMonday
Well, we found
Congests! So proud of you and what you've accomplished! The best is yet to come!
Feels like a trick question because kubernetes helps tacos and waffles work tofether. But of course tacos over waffles. Until a waffle is in front of me.
Travelpro has done me well so far
Doing the Lord's work there mate
Get yourself a pair of dancing bratwurst
I'm waiting for cornhole's first death...
RT Profanity is not the f-bomb. What is profane is a 17 month-old baby being shot in the face.
Thank you for this. Now what's your favorite color and your mother's maiden name?
It is good for them to know that we are willing to take that chance. Parenting 101.
I can't help but think that I have failed you in some way
RT Holy shit. With the way conservative men complain about everyone giving a platform to a child, I thought Greta Thunberg wa…
Umm.. Bible doesn't say God gives you a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness (note: I know he's referring to the 2A.. it's also not in the Bible). And the Constitution and The Declaration of Independence are two different things. But I'm sure you know this... /smh
Preach!
RT It’s Sunday morning. A devastating hurricane is approaching. A gunman just slaughtered innocents in Texas. But the President of…
Good riddance! Pasta salad... bleh!
I'm sorry.
Christian Bale was both the Batman we need(Ed) and the Batman we deserve(d).
Ahh that was a fun experience.
RT You can't build community without giving up some control. But you don't want to give up so much control, or you'll risk c…
RT I will nominate a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher—Betsy DeVos need not apply.
Wait... It feels like you're saying that like it's a bad thing to have a lot of snacks
I've had nothing for breakfast.
Yep, in fact at breakfast the other day I told the waitress I wanted burnt English muffins. I also had duck bacon. But that's a different story.
He has such big shoes to fill, and it looks like he's making them his own. This trailer got me more interested in the movie for sure.
RT GOOOAAALLLLL!! Daniel James has done it again! #MUFC #SOUMUN
RT In our latest post on our Director, Principal Architect IoT explains how to design, document, and test…
The new way to create, develop and deploy Twilio functions by
Went to the same place as the plan to keep Nazis and white supremacists off Twitter
Not hacked specifically, but came from an old integration he had enabled.
So the real answer is... Both?
I'm equal opportunity on pizza. I will say that Gio's was not what I remember it being &amp; was a bit lax on being a full, deep dish pie. Lou's was solid all around, but then again I had a personal pan so it was smaller &amp; I feel like a larger pie would have yielded a better result.
RT CascadiaJS is a fun &amp; inclusive conf for #webdevs coming up on Nov 7-8. Highlights include: 👩🏽‍🏫 30+ rad speakers 👨🏻‍💻 600…
Finally made it home... But not by plane. They cancelled the flight in Wichita due to more bad weather and sent me to a Red Roof Inn. Flight was scheduled to leave at 1130a today (now). I don't know if it did as I rented a car and drove home instead. Before flight left.
A tub of butter fixes all burnt bread
RT If they are still talking and you're already formulating your reply, you're not actually listening. Listen to understand, d…
Agreed. It had a lot of promise and could have finished strong.
Oh I made up for it. Delicious.
RT #fbf In my pursuit of truth from one Daisy Ridley, I recruited the great Dame Judi Dench to help me a few years back. I wrote…
Jeremy.
Sure. We'll go with that.
Oddly enough this captures our idea of fun
Yay....
In what are two first's for me, 1) my flight has been diverted to Wichita due to weather in KC, and 2) I am visiting the Wichita airport. Who said #devrel wasn't glamorous? #godzillaFacepalm
And why I normally fly
Well, hold on. Let's not rush to judgement here. I'm sure they're.. Ok.. sorry. I just couldn't. Burn it all down.
It gets costly I'm sure, but the social media payoff is worth it.
Really liking this season of
RT Mary Thengvall is many things: a Developer Relations consultant, an author, a dog mom and a CMX Summit speaker! Are you coming? ht…
And he'd get run over in half a second
And I thought the Huckster was bad... She at least tried to hide that she was lying. This person doesn't even hide it, and just goes right in with the lies.
Why are you even hesitating?
I hold to my thinking that it would be faster to take a train or drive to Chicago than fly. I swear I will do that next time.
Ahh, and never cease to fulfill expectations.
RT Community professionals have to be skilled at more than just community. You need to be community + Community + product m…
FWIW I went to for lunch today, and while the personal pizza wasn't picture worthy, it was great!
RT Dear DevRel candidates. Interview tip for you! As a hiring manager, it’s a red flag if you tell me that you want to do DevRe…
Oddly that does add up
One of my favourite talks I have seen the last year! Great talk !
This is growing on me...
Totally agree here... Never thought I would say I loved what Microsoft was doing, but I've said it more times than I can count the last few years
Speakeasy's are a hidden gem in each City
RT “There’s no such thing as a ‘brilliant asshole.’ They’re just bad people and you need to get them out of your organizatio…
Jess.
. Mission Accomplished. #devopsdaysChi
Crop Dust is my jam
Kim.
. and working the stage with the closing remarks for #devopsdaysChi
Correct, and it negatively affects our national security as service members with families overseas have to now worry about sending them home to give birth, etc. Less and less will want to go overseas. #CrueltyIsThePoint
Excuse me?
RT “But if I put dates on my docs people will know my docs are old!” “Yeah, that’s the point!” teaching us to…
RT
Burn Notice is one of my all-time favorite TV series. So funny, insightful, intelligent, and a around fun. 10/10 would recommend.
And make sure you acknowledge those who help contribute. #devopsdaysChi via Great job on this talk Karissa!!!
Great documentation shifts your concentration from how to why #devopsdaysChi via
Lasting impact for your docs and service comes from the rationale of why in documentation #devopsdaysChi via
List out the rationale of why and when you should use something in the documentation. #devopsdaysChi via
Confirm the positive controls, aka confirmations, of what should be the outcome. They tell users they are heading the right way. #devopsdaysChi via
Put dates down on your docs. Helps the reader to know the context, and to know what might have changed or not. Don't make your users have to go digging. #devopsdaysChi via
Diagrams increase the accessibility of your docs #devopsdaysChi via
Help your users know what they're going to need to get through the entire process #devopsdaysChi via
Great documentation shifts your concentration from how to why #devopsdaysChi via
There are things we don't know, and in science and tech they both have similar processes #devopsdaysChi via
Surprisingly cancer research is surprisingly similar to tech documentation #devopsdaysChi via
Ready for talk on "Document Like a Scientist" #devopsdaysChi
Yeah... And seems she just decided to approve their request. 乁[ ◕ ᴥ ◕ ]ㄏ
Yep.
Sign you're on the 2nd day of a conference #devopsdaysChi
RT Diversity in Tech Panel c. 1659
Congratulations! You're going to rock it! They're lucky to have you!
Keep me posted when you're in town.
I've been to some of the top places on the West Coast, and there's a place 10min from my house in KC that is every bit as good, and half the price. Come, I'll take you.
. continues to show why he's one of the shining stars in #devrel
Hi !!
RT Great automation doesn’t replace humans; it enhances us. When we are choosing or building tools for our team, we want th…
Live recording of here at #devopsdaysChi #devopsdays
#devopsfordummies book signing is happening now at the #devopsdays booth with Copies are going fast, but you can also buy at
The Good Place is an amazingly hilarious show. Watch it.
And it's time for "Why Open Source Firmware is Important" with at #devopsdays
I have not contributed, and feel this needs to be a quarterly objective for me.
RT If you vote for Trump over Warren due to concern about Warren's "honesty," you're not a moderate, you're a radical misogy…
What is this nonsense?
RT “If you haven’t heard of Google, you can Bing it.” — 😂🤣😂
Well done mate! Love the transparency!
RT This magnet was apropos for recent events. Don’t know why I was thinking of you 😂 #unsubscribe
RT To prevent burnout, hire better bosses. Millions of employees around the world suffer the consequences of bad leadership,…
If production isn't robust enough to test in production, maybe you should boost it up? #devopsdays via
RT Launching darkly has been around for a long time. You can go to a soft launch at a restaurant, it's not a good idea to s…
RT You have to be able to put broken code into production if you are doing CI/CD. Testing is about preventing bad experienc…
New tech is not going to save us from bad fundamentals. #devopsdays via
RT Do you really have 400 Microservices? That's a lot. You can't test all of those patterns and variants. Integration testi…
"Testing in Production" doesn't mean get rid of testing, it means give people better tooling #devopsdays via
Staging is a lie because you can't completely replicate production environments; production is unknowable #devopsdays via
No matter how much you test and prepare in staging, you're still testing in Production #devopsdays via
You need to anticipate failure, and work to keep your "airplane" in the air. #devopsdays via
Branches are a promise to have a merge issue in the future #devopsdays via
RT This, in a nutshell, is why DevRel is important &amp; why "traditional" marketing doesn't usually work. Building relationships…
"Nines don't matter if your users aren't happy" #devopsdays via
The four elements of software - #devopsdays
Up next at #devopsdays is and her talk on "All The World’s A Staging Server" and the post-agile world.
With growing need for a uniform code of ethics in tech, this is a good question and thought from at #devopsdays
RT Is it reasonable to expect people to understand pages of legalese when accepting these agreements? It can be better.
Informed consent is a thing... How do we do this right in technology? #devopsdays
Great talk on ethics in computing at #devopsdays by
Ready for my first #devopsdays here in Chicago!
So sorry Jason. Thoughts go out to you and look forward to seeing you this week.
Same. Then input them on my wall.
Need help understanding DevOps? new book has the answers - TechRepublic
I just peed a little...
If by that you mean "nazis and white supremacists", then I'd say you're quite full up /
This is a really good thread on management, and making it sustainable.
Chicago, it's been awhile, but I'm baaack and ready for my first #devopsdays
As referenced on posting of her playlist for today, my day's going well!
I got 2 nailed down.... That's it. Ever.
Totally agreed... I've been sipping on old school punk and listening to "Woodford &amp; Ginger Ale's" and "Bailey's with Coffee" all day on this crappy travel day.
3 1/2hr delay to ORD, but I love this song, and rendition of it is awesome. Only partly makes the United first class attendant spilling 1/3 of my coffee and Bailey's on my phone less of a deal. No harm to phone, so I'm good with this song playing on repeat.
RT Travel tips from a pilot friend: don't use the blanket (it is never washed), don't put things in the seat pocket (diapers ar…
Loving Keanu Reeve's nod to this scene in The Matrix in John Wick 3
RT A wise QA dev once said, “There is no I in team, but there is a u in bug.”
The sweats track suit look is a new one to me... And I know how I feel about it
TFW you have to fly United for the first time since 2018, and you see Delta at the other terminal...
"The Real Bad Place is the friends we made along the way." -Michael, The Good Place
No doubt about it
It has been a long time coming, and I'm grinning ear to ear right now.
Don't forget the traditional one finger lift while driving
And I'm not even mad about that.
How kind of you, and such sacrifice.
Yeah. I've failed.
I feel somehow that I have failed you. No Van Morrison, Steely Dan, Stevie Wonder, or Ella Fitzgerald?
Apple gonna be Apple.
It's ON tonight #SportingKC ! Let's go!
And this place
Throwback to a year and a week ago in London with my good friends / /
$50 for "water"? Sounds about right
Hah, just posted
After resting for a little over an hour, I sauteed some mushrooms in the juice from the roast, smoked some asparagus, and then sliced up the sirloin tip roast. :chefs-kiss:
Lol I'm hoping it turns out ok. It's a sirloin, so not as tender, but I'm hoping as it rests it'll tenderize a bit more
After smoking to 125F over 3.5 hrs, I pulled it (pic 1) and then put it in the broiler for ~5min each side (pic 2, internal temp at 130F), and then back into the smoker until 140F (pic 3) and now it's covered and resting until I cut and serve it in the next hour or so
Nope! I try not to do that
I prefer pie, so Jan 23 is the better day, but I like cake too.
For sure, and "When a good man goes to war" was so beautiful and powerful. It's good to have Davies back at the helm.
Yeah, I liked them a lot, but The Doctor and Amy Pond were just as good
Oi, don't mind me. I'm just over here getting all emotional seeing The Doctor and Donna Noble on the screen at the same time again
Holy shit.. that looks like it was well on its way to being an honorable mention in the "Best Christmas Vacation Turkey" competition.
RT Facts!
Took the ~8lb sirloin tip roast out of the fridge and the brine has been nicely absorbed (toothpicks are to keep the wrap in the fridge from touching the meat). I'm now using Brisket Rub and liberally applying it, and going to smoke it in a roasting pan to catch the juices
The smoker is now warming up to 230F. I'm using a "signature blend" of pellets (hickory, cherry, maple) to start (almost out) and then it will be straight hickory pellets for the rest. My guess is roughly 3-4hrs on the smoke and then I'll sear it in the broiler.
Hah, thanks! It was 2 weeks ago, but was out of town so this is celebration weekend. Kind of.
Must remember for when I'm in town soon for S1P
It is noon somewhere
I have seen this repeated time and time again - and it's so true. A character trait that seems to be commonly missing from leadership (from the top down) is empathy. A lack of it seriously impacts other areas of your company, and their ability to truly serve the customer.
"Company culture flows down from the top. The standards and priorities set by leadership have an enormous impact on the overall culture of the company. If your CEO behaves like a jerk, chances are you have a culture of fear on your hands." - #devopsfordummies
One of my all-time faves. And I have a Buddy Christ somewhere.
This mashup is what everyone needs
I can't believe Good Will Hunting lost out to Titanic... 乁| ･ 〰 ･ |ㄏ
Seems a tad bit extreme... But I'm good with it!
I'm ready for #devopsdays Chicago... Who else is joining me?
I'm sure there's a ride there that will... Keep trying, don't give up.
Every company needs on their marketing team. Also, it seems, more
The disparity in the market for community roles is real. 🤦‍♂️
RT Whoa! is now completely sold out! See you all there next week!
But I did submit my TPS Report...
Yup. A developer parody account decided to try and make a joke...
Waiting on the paperwork
Modern electronics can't capture such a high frequency as a Rain Squeak
My ears are so sensitive. Thank you for remembering.
RT tfw when you’ve spent a few days with one of your people and then they happen to be at the airport at the same time as one…
RT President Trump's lawyer just told a federal appeals court that Congress doesn't have the power to investigate whether the p…
So much winning.
The surprise... When she wasn't expecting me... ┐( ˘_˘)┌
I was honoured to be able to speak last year at - if you can, submit to speak this year. You'll love it!
Going to go out on a limb here and say this racist Sheriff doesn't also have a policy of detaining all white people for mass shooter review
Capture them quickly before you crash
I see this playing out repeatedly if she goes both. And I want pictures and video.
The obvious answer is to learn as you go. That being said, I believe it's important to be open and honest with yourself and the leadership that you're new to the tech and will be learning.
Stand strong. Say no to a cat. Get a dog.
Please live tweet the sugar rush which is sure to follow
"Top 3 Tools For Boosting Your Productivity" by
It usually is going to depend on what the goals are for the company. But I personally would say, if you aren't being an advocate for the developer... Don't call yourself an advocate and put off the wrong impression.
The health insurance companies have fed us a line, that single payer healthcare is evil, and many have let the GOP perpetuate this lie.
Evangelists spread the good news of the product &amp; are usually more (or only) outward facing. Advocates literally are advocates of the developer to the company, &amp; from the company to the developer. The point though is they are also broad terms which take the form of the business.
So excited... Figured it was you! Also.. I have the ebook (stupid Amazon) so I'll have you sign my laptop case or something.
Not at all when you seek to understand.
No this is not at all correct, nor accurate. Also developer evangelist is not necessarily a developer advocate. Usually two completely different focuses in an organisation.
RT 📖The challenge of preparing to give someone else's talk - shared some steps to help you prepare to give some…
RT Knowing your audience is such a valuable thing to consider. Who is going to listen to this? What should they take away f…
Seems you have created a monster
It's Friday !
I anticipate something like this reaction when Evangelicals finally wake up and realise Trump is not their friend, he's not one of them, and is a bald faced liar.
And yet, for the most part, they're terrible in the US and rarely do you find one with people knowing how to use it. In the US, I'll take the organised chaos of a 4-way stop over a roundabout here anyday.
Agreed. It's like saying your DevOps plan is better than Brexit.
"Gonna hire the best people"
You're not wrong.
Raise your hand if you've ever gotten into a rideshare with a massage seat and custom remote control for each backseat passenger? It me and
RT The 2019 Accelerate State of DevOps Report will be released this week! Join me and for a webinar about the rep…
RT A good story gives you the chance to better understand someone else’s life. It can help you find common ground. And it’s w…
RT 🎒We just added more than 20 new partners to the GitHub Student Developer Pack. Students around the world now get free acce…
Oh ffs... This is shameful and ridiculous.
RT I’m starting to think my personal brand can be summed up as follows: “Stop acting like a special snowflake!” From gateke…
From Duhaime's Law Dictionary: "Tyranny": A form of government other than a monarchy in which the formal written constitution is not adhered to and is broken by force of arms by a single person who then undertakes to rule as a monarch and primarily in his personal interests.
RT 🥑The new issue of Developer Avocados 🥑 Weekly is out - 📝Articles from
It's why you are my people. The word is such a powerful, versatile word. Reminds me of George Carlin's skit..
Good start to the series on #remotework
Very interesting take here and worth the read.
And literally what Hitler himself said to whip up the nationalism
RT Had the big platforms - or heck even the white label platforms - been listening to community professionals a decade ago, so muc…
Would you believe there are 4 rules for 4-way stops? 1) First come, first served. 2) Yield to right. 3) Straight over turning. 4) Right turn over left. I will refer to the one moment I have ever seen it function 100% as intended
RT My favourite sticker so far! I’m going to have trouble positioning this one!
So... Wishing I was there even more now
RT Can we just appreciate the leadership of Rupert Hogg at Cathay Pacific? He resigned in order to not give the names of pro…
RT Hey #developers 👏 Are you building #eventdriven apps and #microservices? Our developer advocate shares some va…
RT Learn The Principles Behind A Great Community Experience - If you’re using your platform’s default settings, I’ll bet y…
I certainly _seems_ on paper that it could be good
This is the funny I needed to see today
RT This is the sky of the biggest city in the country of Brazil, São Paulo at 2-3 P.M. The smoke of the burning Amazon Rainfor…
Doesn't mean I won't go see it. But yeah.
Total mixed feelings... I _personally_ loved the first 3 (even Revolutions) as I felt they were fantastic philosophical vehicles. But at the same time I feel like they closed the door nicely and why would we need to revisit?
I'm sure you taught her about My Hero, and how she too can Learn to Fly during Times Like These, and to avoid the Stacked Actors.
RT Be careful with documentation: most people won't read it. Docs need to be minimal, clear and map directly to what the reader…
Be careful, because oxygen is flammable - and if you've been stealing it and also getting fired up, that's dangerous!
Don't walk, RUN! Looking forward to this new book!
Major FOMO....
Fascinating...
Why Target needed dev rel to attract and retain engineers #devrel
I'm "I used a coupler to connect to BBSs" and "I used an 8" and a 5 1/4" floppy disk" old
RT Trump’s presidency is the natural outcome of the not-my-side-ism that pervades today’s politics. When you’re convinced the…
Confused... But then again, I kinda want to see the music video.
Is developer relations the same thing as community management? #devrel
As soon as I get mine and read it I am leaving a review. It's already cured my bunions, so I can't wait to see what else it's going to do for me! I can only hope it helps me with my personality.
RT 1/ Last Sunday afternoon, I was riding in the car with my 12-year-old son. Just us 2, riding to our (super casual) church…
If I may intrude... . Forget the rest, they're the best.
RT In August of 1619, a ship carrying enslaved Africans arrived at a port in Virginia. On the 400th anniversary of this fateful m…
Decided to try the leash with again huh? 😇
Yes, fair point that. Know your audience.
I feel the same needs to be said of tutorials, samples, etc. If the least technical in the company can't follow along &amp; implement what you're trying to showcase, then back to the drawing board. It also helps to boost the technical acumen as well inside the company top to bottom.
RT When Monday reminds you of what you did all weekend.
I feel like we should ask not only if this gif is of Yoda, but whether or not Yoda has access to a phone.
RT Our video is up! Featuring &amp; myself on "Building and maintai…
Seems on brand for
So Gillibrand's is whiskey... But they show her eating... A pastry I think?
Have fun both of you! Wish I was joining you at Abstractions!
Here's the thing.. Both are right. Both are wrong. I think it completely depends on the company, the product, and the initiatives. It's the same type of argument about where DevRel should exist in a company. Makes for great discussion, but you're not going to 100% agreement.
Nor was he American Evangelical
This will be a fantastic session at POST/CON
The _second_ cutest and most lovable asshole ever
Combination of the two, but never lie.
RT Let’s be clear: the goal of our trip was to witness firsthand what is happening on the ground in Palestine and hear from stake…
Watching Top Gun on TV... And just realised something... Wolfman has Charlie's number to call and tell her that Maverick was quiting. How?
What is this latest craze of having trash pandas as pets and teaching them tricks? Not sure how I feel about this
RT Our latest episode is out! Join us as we sit down with and to discuss moving jobs, changin…
RT Questions to ask someone other than “What do you do?”: - What excites you right now? - What are you looking forward to? - W…
Which... would be... why we need... universal background checks... I mean come on
RT Recommended Read: Is It Time to Let Employees Work from Anywhere?
RT If you still need a ticket - let me know, I might have a discount code #Abstractions
Go all the way to Whistler.
Stanley Park is awesome, with some nice hiking options. Also the drive up to Whistler is gorgeous.
I guarantee is jealous... Those are rocking kicks!
You gotta stare that down! Don't give it an inch. Or bring dog treats.
RT Maybe you need a reminder. Maybe you need to remind someone. Sometimes life is easier. Sometimes not so much. Each day i…
Umm... and this is not OK. This is bad. Very Bad.
Can I have it then?
It's obvious from the proper pronunciation, sentence structure, and lack of capitalised letters that this tweet was not written by him.
RT one of my favorite excerpts from my interview with This question he embraces left me stunned when i fir…
Well, Twitter search actually worked for once... But I remembered that you had mentioned them... So there's that.
Who's in? I'll sneak in the expensive wine.
Marty and Susan... They literally had one job...
But do you have one?
This is good and all, but this is the same administration that couldn't (and still hasn't) comply with a court order to return separated children to their parents. What makes us think they'll magically follow this court order?
What flavour was the cough drop?
Gonna go with yes...
Ooohhh.... See Emily, she's ok with us doing memes!
Not a lot to disagree with here.. "Ed Woodward cannot be allowed to continue his disastrous stewardship of Manchester United"
Not going to lie though... I like a good PBR every once in awhile
RT Developer Relations is not a fix for Marketing, nor is it marketing DevRel is not a boon or leverage for sales, nor is it sa…
RT After a quick read last night, I simply can’t recommend “DevOps for Dummies” …enough. It’s a wonderful read…
Yes! I have that shirt
RT In this video, we look at the different options for consumers to receive messages from Solace queues. 📩 Check out the si…
RT Me until I'm dead: Developers are, at best, going to skim your documentation unless they have hit a problem, in which ca…
Those are awesome!
What is up with the lighting here? Also, Shapiro is a hack and racist.
My contacts cause my eyes to be dilated more than normal, and on more than one occasion I have had people ask if I was high. I was not.
RT Why did I write this piece? Two reasons: First, I wanted to make clear that Donald Trump is unfit to be President, and he…
Alice is glad to be home. You know this because she's snoozing like all the other times. But she's home.
Oh it's a great learning experience!
I am currently working on giving someone else's talk at a conference, and so I thought I would write about my process in "The challenge of preparing to give someone else's talk" #DEVcommunity
RT How To Write Community Guidelines
RT PyCon Sweden 2019 Wants YOU! Thanks to the great response last year, PyCon Sweden is back AGAIN. It will be TWO full days…
Moving Day (Ep 39) #devrel #community
You're not far off...
HARD!
Mary.
I used fandom in no such way. You're inferring something to which I did not allude to, making you the one at fault here.
Oh please... I'm not a _total_ psychopath
Totally could have been more verbose... Stickers for the API itself or a cool play on words about an API (I have seen a few of these like "Don't worry be API").
Tech tweeter: Anyone have any examples of cool API stickers for a company or a brand or a project? RT please for reach
I'm kinda glad I'm not there as I totally wouldn't survive.
That is because has done his job and scared them all away
"725 President Barack H. Obama Avenue, New York, NY 10022" has a certain ring to it don't you think?
Excuse me? Also, this is not religious nor should it ever be associated with it. This is discrimination, plain and simple. "Pure &amp; genuine religion in the sight of God means caring for orphans and widows in their distress and refusing to let the world corrupt you." -James 1:27
RT It is unacceptable that President is not standing up to Beijing as it intensifies its crackdown on human r…
"Per my last tweet..." works as well
It really is so good
Song wise it is "No Leaf Clover (Live with the SFSO)" off of the Metallica S&amp;M album... but that whole album really gets me working... And now I am listening to it!
RT I stand with the people of Hong Kong and affirm the fundamental right of all people to peacefully protest for their right…
Preach!!
RT DevOpsDays Chicago is only two weeks away! -
#softhandedmanbaby is fantastic!!
RT So long as we're accepting updates to the Statue of Liberty poem, I have one: Give me your tired, your poor. And in ex…
RT This is Antonio Basco. His wife of 22 years, Margie, was murdered in El Paso. Mr. Basco says he has no other family so…
I've said it before, I'm saying it now, and will say it again... Go buy "DevOps for Dummies" by now!
RT Take a look at this awesome blog by Learning to Say No Without Losing Relationships, Respect or Resolve
The Flutter Boring Show and other ways we make ourselves look human #devrel
Wait... I thought the Chinese paid the tariffs...? This guy lies so much he can't keep it all straight.
This is what we have become.
It's the gift that keeps on giving
Some of the best BBQ you'll ever have
I open Slack every day. Does that count?
Always.
But the breadsticks and bottomless salad...? I get the expensive wine... so can I just bring those over and join you?
Wait... What's this about not being able to enjoy Olive Garden?
The ratio of water to scotch or gin on the side table is a bit off
RT Documentation is one of the most important parts of a successful open source project (see my informal survey from a few mon…
Congratulations 🎉🎉🎉!!!
RT The people of Hong Kong are making clear that they will not tolerate repression, and their movement affirms: The power is with…
Agreed, though he left the gel alone, so I think he's relatively ok for now.
My 16yo boy is blow-drying his hair for the first day of 10th grade.
RT I wrote this book for people who are tired of hateful, exclusionary religion; people who know that we are each other's k…
Yes, because the devil on your shoulder is parched. What kind of monster are you that keeps your shoulder devils parched?
At 813p, this is what the weather is. Fall, please come. I beg of you.
RT I've said this many times before, but today is a good time to say it again: any person—Democrat or Republican—who abused…
And…. we’re back with code! He’s just looking at his simple k8s definition code. 🤣 His YAML is used to setup his configuration, but if he did it in a portal he would have multiple stages just to get to the same config - at
Viktor has complained about all of the portals, and told them what he wants. No one does it. He’s also going to try not to freak us out with his code. Which, since he’s testing in production, we’re waiting to see. 😂🤣 - at
Ideal world for a Dev Portal: 1. Go to the API via the portal, see what you can do, get the form to generate the request, fill it out 2. Be able to get the data and do something with it. 3. Visualize the runtime of the things people are creating - at
Today, portals often do too many things: too many plugins, capabilities, etc. Don’t need all the fluff just simple activities. All of the knowledge and experience, etc. being written in Typescript as the frontend is just silly. (Backstage ahem) - at
Kicking off the afternoon of Day 2 is talking about how “Developer Platform Consoles Should Be Dumb” Consuming services via API is great, and then you can do what you want. Portals is one of the ways that we provide for people to access the APIs.
RT Serious question: Why are white people so afraid of becoming a minority? Does America treat minorities badly or something?
RT FOSDEM 2025 call for devrooms
But be honest with yourself… It’s a platform! Recognize all the different layers. Final takeaways: - Service Mesh is powerful - Adoption is BIG - Consider a Mesh Team - Start slow, start small, share knowledge - It can be worth it - at
And then know your proxy! Be aware of how everything interacts with your mesh, like headers, timeouts, Layer 4 proxies, ports, etc. Classical sidecar problems like not getting your configs right. - at
It’s not always the mesh’s fault… but sometimes it is. 😂 You can’t always avoid the “new tech” problem, but address them through empathy and knowledge with things like: - docs - videos - presentations - etc - at
Abstraction your mesh, but don’t make it invisible. Put guardrails in place so that developers are empowered to implement. Some things can change dramatically (like connectivity) so deal with the variables by avoiding config pitfalls - at
After starting slow with Service Mesh implementation, START SMALL. His team started with a sandbox to make sure they had the required clusters and types together and that they worked together. Didn’t force the adoption until they were ready. - at
If you’re already in the minefield of Service Mesh, START SLOW!!! Otherwise the joy will turn into the maniacal. But be confident. Pick what to implement, and remember that just because mesh can do it, doesn’t mean you should. - at
For those asking the BIG question, “Should I use Service Mesh?” Daniel says that there should be a lot more information gathered to come to a good answer. It’s not always a “Yes”. If you’re the below image, it’s a “Probably Not” - at
The flexibility in the architecture of their mesh that they implemented was a key component in the decisions they made, as well as the features they chose - at
Next up with the last talk of the morning sessions at Day 2 is with “Walking the minefield of Service Mesh”. He’s walking us through the real-world implementation at his company.
- Teresa at
Digital platforms are not all the same - and you need to be flexible as you develop a platform. - Digitalization vs Transformation - Flexibity vs Standards - Technical/specialized vs Non-tech + abstraction - Stakeholder expectations vs #DevExperience - Teresa at
Implementing a good Dev Platform often sruns into challenges like: roadmap prioritization, org complexity, stakeholder mgmt, user-centric. But there are also solutions: - Share vision - Metrics to support vision - A fan base - Understand customer - Teresa at
Same some for everyone else
For my birthday, my MIL sent me money to get a hunk of beef to smoke. So I went to and got an ~8lb sirloin tip roast. It's currently dry brining until roughly noon tomorrow, and then will get it smoking for ~3hrs or so.
11? ELEVEN?
This coming Tuesday is the next #DevOps KC Meetup! Who's going to come join me? Make sure you RSVP!
Presented with no comment but a hashtag #ThanksgivingVibes
Very nice. I'll do that some day, but my immediate family is very basic in their taste buds, so "exotic" is reserved for my wife and kids who appreciate it
Using a RT-590 pellet smoker and a blend of hickory, maple, and cherry I believe.
After ~18 hrs brining, the turkey went into the smoker around 9a. I separate the breast from the bottom half so it cooks more thoroughly, anointed with oil, rub, and rosemary, and smoked it for 4 hrs at 275F. It's now resting and will go to my parents in a few hours.
I'm really looking forward to #DoctorWho's return, and so today I say Happy #DoctorWhoDay!! The next 3 weeks, starting Saturday, are going to be amazing with the return of Russell T Davies as show runner / writer and David Tennant and Catherine Tate returning for the 3 episodes!!
RT Happy "Englishmen were dying and were saved by a man whose entire tribe was annihilated by English disease and was sold int…
RT The #1 advice I can give to anyone who is interested in getting into coding/cybersecurity (as I’ve been doing both now) -…
RT If you take the Bible extremely literally about human sexuality, but not about feeding the hungry, bringing good news to the…
RT Elon has lost his wife, his kids, 40 billion dollars, and his space ship crashed. It’s like a genre of country music that…
RT I wanna see the same energy yall had for Sam Altman for folks like Joy Buolamwini and Timnit Gebru.
Talking on their phones? What the fuck? I thought that feature was disabled years ago!
CONGRATS 🎉!
Look at you!
RT Two years ago we lost Heather Heyer in #Charlottesville. Her last Facebook post read, “If you’re not outraged, you’re not…
Oh I'm dancing before I've even read it. I also anticipate already that it's cured my male pattern baldness. Because of the dancing.
RT Gravity: No Simone. Simone: Hold my beer.
So sad...
I'm thinking a stuffed eagle is out of the question?
So looking forward to giving my Amazon review for #DevOpsForDummies !!
RT All Kid Rock tweets about politics should include this photo of his childhood home:
RT Over the past few months we’ve been releasing so many products and updates—and our community is growing with us. Together, we…
With all that's going on these days, I think this is about as apropos as it gets.. tongue-in-cheek of course.
RT A simple rule, if a community question goes unanswered for 24 hours (or 48 hours in smaller communities) it should be e…
Let's see if it gets better... Otherwise I may need to speak to the bartender about a refund.
Jessica.
Great advice for #cmgr
And it was Republicans claiming that
Snarky, lovable, SQUIRREL!!!
It never ceases to amaze me the lengths we will go to avoid using the metric system...
Limp Bizkit said they did it all for the nookie, but I'm convinced it really was all for the sigh.
According to The Good Place, anyone who takes off their shoes _and_ socks on a commercial airline fits the profile of someone who belongs in the Bad Place. It checks out.
I also do things like this to annoy my kids. A healthy level of annoyance daily keeps them (and more importantly, ME) sane.
I do not miss.
One more outburst and talk to a flight attendant. Unacceptable behaviour.
This is what it means to work hard for your dreams, and then to achieve them on the biggest stage. Great job ! #MUFC
RT Don't ever forget this, #MUFC #MUNCHE
Rog has this spot on. I watched his celebration with emotional joy, especially knowing his father just passed. #MUFC
Yeah.. no. Throw the book at him. If a POC had done this they'd be dead.
RT On day Christian Pulisic makes Premier League debut, THIS is most important soccer story in America. Heart-Breaking Must-Re…
Let's go #ManUtd !
DPRK throwing shade...
Sometimes the sigh from our spouses makes it even better! It's a sound I've certainly heard a fair amount of times.
Excuse me... What was an AR15 doing at a school?
I am so ready for a new #EPL football campaign to begin that I am _actually_ watching an Arse-nal match because it's the only thing on the telly right now
#ChiefsKingdom - let's go #KCChiefs!!
RT If you’re reading this and you’re thinking that the ICE raid in Mississippi was justified because the 680 men and women…
RT You shouldn’t get to arrest 680 workers at a poultry processing without also arresting the guy who owns the plant and hire…
Clear your calendar! Come join me at the #DevOpsDaysCHI Beer Tasting Party #DevOpsAtScaleSocial
My daughter's reaction when Limp Bizkit's "Break Stuff" comes on the Google Play Music mix
Same. And now my mind is blown.
You've done a great job, and so excited to see where you go from here!
Yep. Agreed. A complete and utter disconnect in logic and reasoning because of the rush of firing a weapon of war which makes your underwear moist and helps you compensate for something...
Ah right. Completely agree. We've moved past the 2A for some things, and then we have people who get their cloth diapers in a twist if that same logic gets applied to other tools of war.
RT Where should open source documentation live? README or on a static site? writes about the pros and cons of eac…
Oh really?
Interesting. So if I understand, you're saying that with our current laws we've moved past the 2A? I get that point, and for the most part I think I agree, but that would also lend itself that we need to fix the 2A, which I believe is needed, and should be common sense.
Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe should be the first thing you do. Do not leave without visiting. Reichstag is great and all, but this is what you should see first. Take the tour. Worth it. #NeverForget #NeverAgain
Complete, and utter lack of empathy. First, you bring the baby BACK to the hospital for a photo op with Trump, ignoring that the baby HAS NO PARENTS DUE TO VIOLENCE ON YOUR BEHALF. _THEN_ you flash a thumbs up and smile? Unfit and unwell.
I would not call myself a gun advocate even though I believe in the 2A. I believe that we need a rethinking of the 2A in light of the culture &amp; world we find ourselves in today, which is not the Founding Father's world. And yes, the pervasiveness of guns is part of the problem.
This is why they really don't want to fix illegal immigration. If they did, they would take down the big Help Wanted sign at the border &amp; prosecute the business owners. But they don't because illegal immigration (the way they frame it) allows them to further gaslight their base.
This is a fantastic option for open source repos and just in general!
RT Take a look at four ways an #eventmesh can support digital manufacturing transformation in this blog post: #digitaltrans…
A really great article by about how we internalize feedback when we ask for help. Good to see that Stack Overflow is addressing this long-standing criticism! "What a very bad day at work taught me about building Stack Overflow’s community" -
Tom, as a true power couple, they shave each other's moustaches.
Great start to a series on DevRel and Marketing collaboration
TFW you put on a 90's Alt Rock playlist to get work done... and proceed to sing and clap and dance around the office instead of working. This Friday is going to rock.
RT Looking forward to joining the keynote panel for with , and
I love my Smartdesk 2...
RT Are you going to be in town for DevOpsDays Chicago? Come hang out with me and the crew after the event on Aug…
Happy anniversary you two!
RT #Discourse co-founder talks about breaking on production, the recognition, and self-worth as rewar…
RT Don't speak at, sponsor, or attend conferences that don't uphold their code of conduct. It really is that simple.
RT The are doing a Serverless September — you know I love alliteration — content event and we want to highli…
RT Learn how to build a simple #chatapp with Solace in this two part blog series. 💬 Part 1: Part 2:…
Can't wait! #soon
MRW I have to go back to a CrapEx after using superior alternatives for the last few months
I SEE YOU!!!
RT Have you read this year's 2019 Annual Report? Drop by our booth at this week's #NCSLSummit and grab a free copy!
OH at dinner with : "Have you heard the new Nickelback album? Chad Kroeger has really come into his own."
Community Managers, What Do They Do? | Open Source Community
10/10 would not buy again....
This is a very good, accurate portrayal with a lot of hope for America as well!
RT Relationships are meaningful when you invest time and energy into them. Tools that automate interactions reduces the valu…
I think it is. Absolutely. We feel like we don't have something to say, that someone else could say it better. But I love what is doing here - everyone has something to say. YOU have something to say, something you've learned, that others could benefit from.
Trump's comm dir says "At the very least [he's] inviting harassment of these private citizens, at worst, he's encouraging violence." So let me get this straight. Trump who has said all manner of hateful things, resulting in LITERAL violence.. isn't responsible.. But Castro is???
I missed the memo it would seem
This thread is a study in, well, just about everything from UX, to UI, to customer service, to fruitless endeavors after dark. I wish Corey all the luck while I grab the popcorn.
Counting on it
You _can_ be taught!!
RT 🚨LAST CALL! The CMX Value and Metrics survey closes tomorrow. We're at 400 responses &amp; need to get to 700. This researc…
RT America's gun culture is melting down.
You do realize that it doesn't help get more done...
"Three Tips for Managing Impostor Syndrome" by #DEVcommunity
Can't. Stop. Winning.
Living her best hog life is Karen
Thanks - I'll check that one out
I've had the new Twitter Web UI for the last week. It sucks. It's terrible. I am on a 16gb Macbook Pro using Brave as the browser and it. Is. Terribly. Slow. Atrocious. you should be ashamed.
Massive case of #SIGNALConf FOMO right now... Shout out to all my friends who are there!
Is Klout even still a thing?
Pics/Videos or it didn't happen Kim.
Wait... please say there's video of this....
Joe gets it
On the big screen _AND_ you get to hang with You're rocking!
RT 👫Community building comes down to three things: 1. Curation - choose people who want and need to be there 2. Connection -…
Tech Twitter: Anyone used a Zapier integration to link a Typeform to Microsoft Excel? Specifically an Excel spreadsheet that you have access to in a Sharepoint folder? Having a lot of issues figuring out the custom ID fields in order to connect the two.
Yeah that's a very real challenge for sure. In the past, when in those situations, I've adjusted my work schedule a couple times a week so I could maximize the time with the team.
They finally yell out to each other that they're in love with each other and they're #UnstoppableTogether and rush out to face their demons (remember Leopold and Ring girl)..... Who are now making out with each other... This is amazing!!!
Now they're arguing with each other about their past in the Isolation Box with their alternative selves (Leopold and Ring girl pacing outside)... This is the funniest, most amazing episode of ever!
And then it turns to a hilarious "The Ring" adaptation... #fantastic
At #AgentsofSHIELD S06E06 and Fitz finding out about his past/future...
Distributed developer relations #devrel
RT Congratulations, you got your page load &lt; 100ms. Then you added a reCAPTCHA which takes a user ~30s to get past. Congrat…
RT Open Core has become a popular model for companies, but doing it well requires a careful balance between two very different…
RT
RT Building #streaming applications with #Spring? Check out the new #SpringCloudStreams tutorial
This is a great signing and will go a long way to fixing our defensive issues last season #MUFC
An aunt of mine researched the Meiss side as far back as a horse thief.. and the stopped.
Current Monday mood - send help.
RT Recommended Read: Twitter users are escaping online hate by switching profiles to Germany, where Nazism is illegal
Well at this point it seems like anybody can do it
I try my darnedest
*mic drop*
Too easy... It's got to be something else that the rest of the world doesn't have that allows them to not have this issue, like violent video games.
Another member of the GOP who finally finds something to stand on against Trump, his racism, and what's happening to the GOP. Thread...
Let's go #SportingKC #ForGloryForCity
These are the 2 BIPARTISAN bills that the house passed 240-190 which #MoscowMitch has blocked from being voted on in the Senate: HR8 - HR1112 - They aren't wanting to take _ANY_ guns away, instead they are common sense legislation.
I see that becoming a meme which you'll then send me quite often
They make for great backdrops during conference calls
It's French.
I get a laptop case (~$20) and then take it off when full, hang it on my wall, and get a new one. Rinse. Repeat.
They were all American White Males. The GOPs response instead is to ban Muslims and Latin American refugees. :godzillaFacepalm:
Gonna go with a hard "No he won't" on this one. Sad.
#MoscowMitch could contribute to a simple reduction in these events (note - not an end, but a reduction) by simply bringing the BIPARTISAN bill to a vote. And _maybe_ even keep his Senate seat.
This is such a tired, old excuse that doesn't hold water. White Supremacy is Domestic Terrorism and is the problem here, along with the easy access to guns that #MoscowMitch is contributing to by not allowing votes on bipartisan legislation.
Wait... You too? How could this be? Two of us? There couldn't be any more, could there?
Thread.
RT You literally blocked the CDC from studying shootings
RT More terrorists have cited Donald Trump as an inspiration for attacks on the US homeland over the past three years than any ot…
I just saw an interview that gave on where he said that "Frozen, when watched backwards, is a frame-for-frame remake of The Exorcist." What say you?
Derpy Ember is derpy! So cute too!
Watching #AvengersEndgame for the first time since seeing it in the theater (twice), and still emotional.
Yay! This is awesome news!
Well if you need a valet, let me know.
Well you get a wheeled garbage can, then add the big wheel wheels to it. Mind you this exists only in my imagination.
Did you get it with the big wheel wheels?
You got this Ember!
One of the few times "thoughts and prayers" are appropriate as a response, and you got 'em.
Of course! But it's good to get it out in the open so that others can follow your progress. Kinda like a modern day "Truman Show".
Just have a pair of goggles to put on your head. You'll be fine.
RT The fact that Obama’s last 30 months outperformed Trump’s first 30 months is fact that should be in every story about the…
#LifeGoals - they're so important!
I took it, you can too! If you're in #devrel or #community you should take this survey, or if you know a #cmgr , get it into their hands! Only a couple days left!
And let me know if you have others who respond as I also have a ticket
RT Some #DevRel thoughts for your Monday morning (Thread) I listened to a podcast on the Apollo program 👩‍🚀. One thought struck…
RT Both Virtual Machines (VMs) and Docker containers can be used to improve resource utilization. But their differences aren't…
Web 2.0
Anyone in the Seattle area who is part of an underrepresented group interested in attending #APICity2019? I have a free ticket to give out! RT please for reach!
Is that before or after you hold your drink tighter?
I pulled a Jimmy John's sandwich out once and I swear the whole row leaned over to look at it
RT Little did you know that you can be so DevOps-y simply by hosting an webpage on GitHub 🤯 ~&gt; GitHub Pages is a CI/CD pipelin…
RT Using PubSub+ with #Spring? Check out the new #SpringBoot #JMS Auto-configuration tutorial
Very good breakdown here in this thread on a lot of the differences (as well as pain points) between Developer Evangelism and Advocate.
"Tweet Roulette" is all I got.. it sucks I know.
Yeah seems this app from 7-11 on Android doesn't actually have the delivery feature, instead is for scanning rewards and paying
Crossed too few items off the to-do list but I'm done for the day and consider this a successful first day back from vacation.
Only solution is to burn the house down.
Hmm... Maybe they haven't updated the Android app?
Frankly I'm surprised he already hasn't... 😅
And I find out that for me in my area I don't have the delivery option...
Same experience here near my house. Always ready early and it's on the pickup shelf so I don't have to talk to anyone, or look away in shame for that matter. I can literally drive there and be back at home in 5min.
Wait.... What? /me rushes to download the 7-11 app
Exactly.
Not even curious. This is a hard NOPE and Oscar Meyer Weiner should be ashamed
Growing up it used to be "flip a tit" but I thought I'd be content-sensitive. So if you want the real phrase use that
The gall of #LeningradLindsey to blatantly go against the unanimously established Committee Rules &amp; not respond when asked which rule he's using to justify his action... He'd flip a nipple if the Dems did this. Hypocrisy in plain site, democracy broke.
Great way to think about your role in #DevRel
Also similar to the "Hey you saved $A today on your grocery purchase." No, you spent $X. Get it right.
Yep, she's a shill for Putin and Assad.
RT We’re making a special product announcement next week. Save the date so you’re the first to hear. August 8, 10 am PT 📆
RT Struggling with how to get work off of your plate and tackle the projects you’re truly excited about? and I ha…
RT The families of our wounded warriors don't often get a lot of fanfare, but they're serving and sacrificing right alongside…
After Pulse: Conference Season #devrel #community
RT Community builder and founder of wraps up her 3-part series on building great developer communit…
RT Here is a thought. Kindness and empathy are free to give, and yet priceless to receive. So why not give?
This episode of #AfterPulse on really hits the nail on the head around #DevAdvocacy and #DevRel and titles...
Love it! She struggled to come up with a response!
My first thought is to share the pics to a Trello/Asana/whatever board and have columns you move them around in. That way you don't lose the comments and your personal notes or the cards if they never respond. And it's searchable
RT Recent court decisions make it clear that the change we need to restore our democracy has to come from the ground up.
Hah yeah I follow up depending on the note, or connect on LinkedIn and identify where we met, etc. The cards get trashed.
I take a pic of the card with any notes and then sort them into a folder for each event
RT #DevRel folks, what do you do to manage business cards you get from events?
:mindblown:
Aww shucks.
After further review, I have corrected your spelling of "soory" to "sorry". My editing fee is $250 so we'll call it even and have a beer sometime soon to celebrate.
Checks in the mail.
It's a trick I use often 🤩 so no consulting fee required.
But also, I like where your head is at. Very well could have been the eggs the turkey had just laid before it was slaughtered. Kind of a "smoke the whole family" thing
It's a quartered orange 😂🤣
Circle of life PJ.
So it begins... The 23# turkey is brining away in a cranberry apple maple concoction and will go into the smoker tomorrow around noon
This is great news!
Glycerine is a good one for sure!
RT When I get 10 song recommendations of your favorite bands, I will publish a clip of North America 2023. When…
With a league-high 26 dropped passes by receivers (including Kelce of all people), it's no wonder the Chiefs offense has sputtered this year. They've let their defense (surprisingly a Top 10) down in each loss this year. Time to go back to practicing catching with tennis balls
Since we're talking karaoke (cover songs essentially), I'll go with Pearl Jam when they perform "Baba O'Riley" live, especially in the early days, is one of my favorite covers a band does. Mike McCready doing the keyboard riffs on guitar is one of the purest example of talent
Hmm... Do I post 10 right now? Or do I wait for others to get involved? 😜🤔 Ok, I'll start with one and see how quickly others get involved...
RT Figma hack that will supercharge your UX design workflow: 1. In Finder, go to Applications 2. Right-click the Figma ic…
RT Hey, ChatGPT, what’s the best way to destroy a company in one weekend? ChatGPT: 🖕🏻
Fucking hell - you're really bad at your job.
Yep, especially when you factor in salary for a Director role in SF
Right? The cognitive dissonance is wild
I see we've again reached the "this role's only in-person in SF; the C-level says it's the only way to build a team; we do have some of the team remote; the C-level flies to SF every once in awhile; role is not remote; we've been trying to hire for months" stage of #DevRel hiring
RT I saw your antisemitic tweets with my own fucking eyes, Apartheid Clyde
That took a turn... 🦃🔪🤣
Name a band you've seen live with a GIF Couldn't choose just one...
The worst when back to work after vacation.... If you need me I'll be over in the corner crying.
RT We're already seeing some super interesting insights from the data we've collected. But to make sure the insights are st…
🎶 Take, me, home! 🎸
Looking forward to speaking! Come join me at #APICity2019
2013 called......... 😝
RT Cauldron Alpha version, a Paas proof of concept based on technologies, is now using #OpenDistro for #Elasticsea…
RT Today is the last day for Early Bird Pricing for API City Conference in Seattle for the September 5th event!
Knocked him out of his shoe!
RT Generally, members join a community to satisfy their needs, but stay to satisfy their desires. Focus entirely on the…
RT This is a nightmare: US citizens were stopped by presented their proof of citizenship, &amp; were held without recourse fo…
RT Do you know what's at the bottom of an infinitely scrolling timeline? Happiness.... Or not. Either way, just keep scrol…
RT I'm looking to talk to more devs who work with video, but maybe aren't video engineers. Is that you? Or maybe video is ju…
RT How do y'all manage your post-incident review notes and action items? Does anyone ever loop back? Do you encourage new em…
#MitchMcTreason #MitchMcConnell
That's the spirit!
It would certainly contribute to selling more books for Emily...
Booking my flight....
Sarcasm is the 6th Love Language
It's just shockingly surprising to me how _little_ in the grand scheme of things a company has to do in order to keep employees, or at least make them more willing to stay when a new opportunity pops up.
Completely agree. That's where the whole "people don't leave companies, they leave managers" often comes in.
RT Question: what are your most important lessons learned from using real-time chat tools in your organization/community, such…
This.
This is one of the biggest losses for any organisation... When good people leave, who likely would have stayed for awhile, the organisation loses big, especially when they lose time and money to hire and train someone new. Sad.
Would be nice if the US adopted GDPR-like requirements
Drink-knocking-on-Ken-as-a-service... Include coupons in the book like the old Slackware books did with CDs
Yeah already started to question my choices (more so than normal if I'm being honest 😉🤔)
RT How are avocados &amp; developer relations alike? Put simply, developer relations are the "good fat" of your organization. It's…
I love Idaho and the Sawtooth Wilderness... But it's time to return to the real world.
Finally getting around to finishing the #ScreamingInTheCloud episode with on #DevOpsForDummies and I highly recommend it, and that you preorder her book (
Three millennials in the exit row of my flight home are playing "Heads Up!" and I am slightly concerned about the safety on this flight.
RT Customizations can simultaneously make your community unique. Yet, every customization you add to a community platform…
I was wearing mine at Red Fish Lake Lodge in Stanley, Idaho and ran into an employee who asked me about the shirt! Told him I knew and
/subscribing
RT Two of our favorite community experts and sit down the discuss what skills you need to advance your c…
Two completely different data points with no correlation
RT We need to call out white supremacy for what it is: Domestic terrorism—and that poses a threat to America. #DemDebate
It's like they missed the first two
This is what should be happening...
RT A new Quinnipiac poll asks: Do you think President Trump is racist? African Americans: 80% yes, 11% no Latinos: 55% yes, 44…
RT "I throw my hands in the air, because I profoundly care!” #DemDebate #LateShowLIVE
RT "Why does anyone run for president just to talk about what we shouldn't do and what we can't fight for? - Elizabeth Warre…
MRW I just finally get the new Twitter UI.
Just saw #YesterdayFilm and the authenticity of the music of the Beatles really shown through, and surprisingly made me a bit emotional. I highly recommend.
RT Our Director of Community &amp; #DevRel Strategy breaks down how to deploy our PubSub+ #eventbroker to
"Double French Roast", "deep flavor &amp; full body", "rich and smoky roast"... I see grocery stores have begun selling charcoal in different locations in the store and with innovative packaging to boost sales.
RT Twitter Note: If you simply Block the Dumbfucks... You can actually Enjoy Twitter. I totally enjoy communicating with peopl…
RT 📢The eagerly awaited #OpenID Connect Handbook 📓 is out! An in-depth look at the de facto standard for handling #authentication…
Searchable history is important for communities, as is the ability/need to follow along with a conversation without being interrupted every two seconds with some GIF or new tangent. This is where forums excel, and when you put them both together... Can be community gold.
RT Help me wish the wonderful Terry Crews a very happy birthday.
Help! The developer relations credo #devrel
Depending on your price point, the OnePlus Bullet 2 wireless earbuds are solid.
RT I've been having this conversation over the past year. With the open source community, people at work, folks at workshops.…
Conference Season (Ep 38) #devrel #community
Nah you've just created furniture with great storage.
Welcome to our daily dilemma...
Yes but is there an Android version?
Embracing the hobbyist persona #devrel
What’s brewing and cooking in your open source community (part 2) #devrel
What’s brewing and cooking in your open source community? (part 1) #devrel
Can't. He's gotten rid of all but a few cabinet members after firing those who at least seemed to have a sense of duty to the Constitution. Now he's found his loyal cadre, and they're all Acting. 25th won't happen and the House just can't get out of their own way on Impeachment.
And that's why I need me a vacation... PJs tweet was just above David's and I hit the wrong reply. ಠ︵ಠ
OnePlus 6T still has a headphone jack and is a solid device running close to stock Android and will get the latest Android Q, though the 7 is out now (but without a headphone jack).
RT How to run a 30min intro call. 1-10mins: get to know each other/context, share something personal, build trust. 11-20mins: i…
RT From January 2017 to March 2019, only one person in the world was asked to meet separately with both Vladimir Putin and Ro…
I'm disappearing for some ⛰️🏕️ downtime. This is what that will look like from a video I took 2 years ago. Bonus with the sound on.
RT Regardless, you should vote for as "Best Dev Podcast" because this award might be worth a lot of Internet Points…
Solid advice for an adventure.
This is actually not a good thing at all. It's bad.
RT After Pulse: Team Dynamics In this episode of "After Pulse" .. we breakdown our discussion w/ and
RT Thank you to all the attendees for joining #CommunityMG19 yesterday!☺️Slides from my talk "Measuring DevRel programs far be…
RT Just unsubscribed from someone's email list. Two reasons: (1) excessive amount of email, often one a day for weeks, and (2)…
RT How developers use API documentation, a study in Communication Design Quarterly. Looking forward to diving into this: ht…
RT DEV just published a book especially for newbies! I'd have coupons available except it's a pay-what-you-can model, so it'…
This is where I think things really get interesting for Windows and Linux Get Ready for the Tech Preview of Docker Desktop for WSL 2 - Docker Blog
That's awesome! I can't wait to see it in action!
Sure, flying cars are great and all, but one month!??!
I too agree
Same here!
Winning at adulting now.
RT Did you hear the news? Solace is aiming at the horizon! 🌅 Shawn McAllister, our CTO, explains our new strategic initiati…
TIL that "Nacho Libre" is loosely based on a real life Friar who was a luchador to support his orphanage
"Chancho, when you are a man, sometimes you wear stretchy pants in your room. Just for fun." I feel seen.
I didn't know he was fond of bubble baths, but it makes sense.
It's Nacho Libre time...
RT Why I recommend ✔️ 12+(!) concurrent sessions = always something of interest. ✔️ Superb speakers from around the w…
Gif or it never happened
Great thread for your weekend
RT Can't believe this still needs to be said, but if you work in dev rel, don't devalue technologies that you don't like. It's punc…
RT Looking for a bit of weekend reading material? 📖 Take a look at this blog about #MQTT client certificate authentication…
RT In America, we don’t fear the future, we embrace it. 50 years ago, that spirit took us to the moon. Today, it’s embodied b…
Oh I got something else for you...
And with that link you too can judge someone else. #DisapprovingJeremy is the GIF that keeps on giving.
My gift to you... #DisapprovingJeremy
What is it you do on planes?
How did they recreate this scene in love action?
Yeah I've officially lost the ability to be surprised by stupid.
So I've been catching up on #AgentsofSHIELD and am on S5E12... At the scene of the FitzSimmons wedding... 😭🥰
I was sorta following along until they all tried doing the Worm.
RT The tech communities of Kansas City and the Midwest say a big 'Thanks!' to Jeff Strauss for giving us #KC…
RT People have paid more attention to "Cats" in the last 24 hours than cats have paid attention to people in history.
RT Final session change has come and gone for #kcdc2019. See you all at the closing ceremonies at 4:30 up in Hall B. Com…
RT . talking about developer communities being a force multiplier for engineering as well as marketing 👏👏👏 #DevRel #o…
RT I always love hearing speak and it’s awesome to see her keynoting #OSCON! “Focusing only on what companies ca…
RT How can DevRel and marketing teams make each other better? Putting together a resource around this and would love input from d…
RT You can now watch my talk on planning a team's devrel strategy!
RT The part of my job that always catches me off-guard is the palpable jolt of pleasure I get from the little ways to be helpf…
And the slides have been posted #kcdc2019
Will you be posting your slides?
RT a male sea turtle hatchling is a son of a beach* *and by that we mean sea turtles hatch in the sand and their sex is deter…
My pleasure and look forward to seeing you at S1P
RT Communication, collaboration, and coworking is simply the way we need to do things these days. #OpenSource is no longer the…
Conference Speakers: please check your content / slides for accessibility... a black background is fine, and yellow text is _OK_, but green for text is _terrible_. A good resource is to check the color contrast
Next up here at #kcdc2019 is with "Drinking from the Stream: How to use messaging platforms for scalability &amp; performance"
I know this is a probably mind-blowing nugget of wisdom, and I've attached the requisite GIF, but if you don't want to be called a racist... don't do/say anything racist. It _really_ is that simple.
This mix is killer with some NOFX, Foldfinger, and Bad Religion thrown in. This Friday is going to rock
A little to get this Friday kicked off right
RT #KeepFamiliesTogether ❤️
You should do more TED Talks.
The truth speaks but his supporters don't listen
There's the spirit
Only thing you can do with them...
I have had these in a lot of different hotels recently. Starting with ones in China and then in Canada
Mr. Tyson with the humour on this Thursday.
Wow... I got the chills, and not the good kind.
In.
RT 8:07pm. Mojave Desert. Moonlight strikes 107,000+ solar mirrors, creating a portrait of Apollo 11 programmer Margaret Hamilton.…
RT The challenge with so many people that want a community - but don’t want to seed &amp; weed. It’s the mundane tasks that, over ti…
Power couple
Copying Top Gun? Or movies redoing the same old stuff?
Looks like people have used the 6 and 7 with some minor caveats
I've had all but the OPX. The last 3 generations have been fantastic - but yes, they are a bit more expensive than they used to be. It should work with Verizon though....?
Obligatory reply about my OnePlus 7 Pro working flawlessly...
RT “open source helps companies like meet customers where they are” - sounds like a definition for com…
I feel like this is bad advice
Take out all the Nicholas Sparks movies and ripoffs and you're closer to 50%
RT The code that helped get us to the Moon. It's on 🚀
Killing time..
I mean... "Every" is a bit strong there...
This looks great... But am I the only one thinking it's a copy of the first? So many duplicate themes and tropes.
Do not mess with the Marines. Ever.
Oh you'll enjoy the food.
RT Solace PubSub+ advanced #eventbrokers are now certified Partner Ready for #PKS! 🎉 Read the news here:
Good tips from on the importance of getting out of your comfort zone in tech. #kcdc2019
I met a wild - this is us saying "Hi !"
The old sysadmin and dbadmin in me reads "GraphQL" as "Graph Q L"... But TIL from that it's "Graph cool". #kcdc2019
They have defended by _not saying anything_... His narcissism knows no bounds.
RT Prism, an open source HTTP mock server, version 3 is now out! ✨ • 3 support • Enhanc…
Link for slides of session at #kcdc2019
Great closing statement from in his #NodeJS session at #kcdc2019
Some good #nodejs tool, framework, and integration strategy recommendations from at #kcdc2019
RT My grade school history teacher asked us what we would have done if we’d been alive during the rise of a dangerous dicta…
Some great code examples and then a demo from showing the benefits of #nodejs in his session at #kcdc2019 using his Makin' Bacon web app.
#nodejs has many different use cases, and is more than just a backend. #kcdc2019
#nodejs has exploded over the last 10 years and multiple technologies impact, and are impacted by, it.
"Choose the technology you want to use, that works for you and what you want to do."
Full room for "Crash Course on Node.js" at #kcdc2019
I mean, yes. I was.
Dang it.... I need glasses...
Open remarks being given by here at #kcdc2019
RT It begins... #kcdc2019
Breakfast networking is going strong at #kcdc2019
RT “SEND HER BACK, SEND HER BACK,” is ugly. It’s ignorant. It’s dangerous. And it’s un-American. It’s flat out bigotry. And…
Wait... What?
Heading down to #kcdc2019 - who's joining me?
RT When will we reach a point where employees don't feel obligated to justify their presence at Open Sourc…
Scarlet Witch got nothing on her!
What a freaking idiot.
RT Learning to Say No Without Losing Relationships, Respect or Resolve
Good thread from #CommunityMG19 on talk on communities and #opensource
Heading to the hotel. Be there in 30
I'm free for whatever.
Welcome to KC! Look forward to meeting you!
RT Slides from my presentation today in #CommunityMG19 about how to use data to improve companies relationship with #opensourc…
Wear it with pride!
All these people doing the #FaceApp thing.. good luck with your face _not_ being scraped for AI/ML
RT Friendly reminder to any and all conference speakers. Please please please include your Twitter handle on _every_ slide. I…
RT Today's the day! Come by the booth at #APIDays SF and attend the "API Management, Meet Event Management" talk at…
RT Semi-regular announcement that if you're looking for a speaker for your #IoT #meetup feel free to give me a shout!!
Building an enterprise developer marketing program from scratch #devrel
How raising the bar can plug a leaky pipeline #devrel
Yay!
Anyone spot ?
Good thread of a talk on #DevRel metrics given by at #CommunityMG19
RT Community Pros, WE NEED YOUR HELP Please RT &amp; like so we get as many responses as possible to our Value and Metrics Surve…
RT Hey #OpenFin #architects and #developers. 👋🏼 Need a way to seamlessly interact with and connect to diverse data sources?…
RT #OSCON folks: Interested in community building and how it can be the difference between success or failure in an #opensourc…
RT Got a #DevOps related conference coming up? Or do you really need a DevOps/SRE engineer? Shoot me your links and I'll inc…
RT Thank you for taking the time to write this detailed retrospective on what happened last week, what was learned,…
When you have more than 10 workspaces in your Slack, those methods become useless. Anyone who is in DevRel or Community will fall into this, as I personally have over 15 communtiies, and I know some who have more.
Ahh, the Turtle was in rare form today. Great non-answer, while at the same time alluding (without directly saying) that those women Trump made racist remarks to weren't naturalized, legal immigrants. Key Fact: 3 are American-born citizens, 1 is a legal, naturalized immigrant.
Step 2: Get rid of WordPress.
“Let’s set the fucking tone!” -Shoresy
RT This year’s talks are LIVE! They’re all here on this playlist: Enjoy your weekend everyone
My original M1 with 16GB was _way_ better with memory management and 100+ tabs than my 64GB 16" Intel, and the fan never came on with OBS. My M2 with 64GB is way better than even the M1, but YMMV.
RT Getting laid off sucks, especially in this job market, especially if you’re early on in your career. Sometimes we gotta d…
So yet again Apple is late to the standards party lol. will still whinge about it though.
It's so fucking hilarious
👇👇👇👇👇 Important to watch.
Doing the lord's work there, Nick
Agreed! It was good meeting you in person for the first time.
One of the funniest scenes in the show. Can't wait for the final season
RT When they show you who they are, believe them. When they tell you what they’re doing, believe them. When they expla…
RT
Discourse (forum) along with Slack or Discord. Prefer transfer of most conversations and/or content moved to Discourse or document sites because Discord and Slack (especially with their vanishing messages after 30d) don't have good public visibility
No comment
RT “Look, it is true that Gazans did at one point elect Hamas. But if you think that makes them all complicit in war crimes t…
It's not fun being away from home on your birthday, but if you are, make sure you spend time with friends.
So - this is not good and a huge accessibility no-no. Be better.
I think Build-a-Bear would have good advice..
Yes! Perfect!
This is so great... Watch it with the sound. Love this bobcat.
RT Here's a feature idea I had for Spectral v4.x: anyone wondered how to have rulesets which work for OpenAPI v2 and v3? Pro…
That there are always hidden costs to ownership, like appliances, and lawnmowers, etc.
RT Looking for the best CI/CD technical content! We know that many under-represented people aren't going to enter a #CFP, bu…
So I get it - I didn't expect that or would reply to me directly. But I _still_ held out hope that _someone_ in the GOP would stand up and speak out and hoped it would be my Senators from Kansas,. But no. Silence is complicit.
Game time!
Just got the latest from the creators of - #ThrowThrowBurrito #kickstarteredition - cannot wait!
I use Brave with Chrome browser extensions.. haven't personally noticed any lack of integration
#DevRelConUK #goals
I think I still have some Zip disks and a drive somewhere in the basement. And you're right - the adoption was hurt by the price which was hurt by the adoption...
Zip drives
RT Please RT and help me find someone awesome to serve as my EA This is a great opportunity to get broad insight an…
The Kick Ass Curve – Steve Pousty #devrel
Who is this "we" you speak of? I assume you're referring to the other disinformation bots like yourself. And if you don't want "socialism" in America, it's too late. It's been here as an integral part of our system for a long time.
Yeah, well bots don't care
If only there was something she could do about it... 乁[ ◕ ᴥ ◕ ]ㄏ
I think they do. And that's the problem.
Monsters I say
You take those chances....
I don't need your judgement
To my Kansas State Senators and I ask, what do you have to say about Trump's racist, misogynistic tweet against your fellow AMERICAN members in Congress? Will you take a stand or continue to be complicit by silence?
A feature, not a bug.
TIL that a _small_ tub of Chunky Monkey is not a single serving. I feel like a lot of my life choices have now come into focus.
Awesome! Look forward to reviewing the link! Thank you!
Print it and hand to the next person you sit next to on a plane
Just because there is no bottom to Trump's (and his base that he dog whistles to) racism doesn't mean we don't call it out. The more you decide not to, the more you give in and accept that it's normal. Call a spade a spade, a racist a racist. Simple. Donald Trump is a racist.
The ridiculous thread is here...
RT Where are the pastors of the Christian megachurches who raise money from their flock for soul-saving missions to Latin…
I won't send a cheesy hug or prayer GIF, but know that myself and many others are sending them to you. I will however use a 🙏 and a 🤗 emoji.
At this point that's about as accurate as you can get
"Go back to" is a white nationalist, racist dog whistle. These are American citizens (3 born here, one came at age 10), and he's _again_ showing his true, racist colors, and appealing to his base. Deplorable.
It's like these people don't know history
RT hey hello fellow 1x engineers. I made a site for us, hopefully you'll add anything that's missing?
RT Looking to sponsor a tech event that focuses on Diversity &amp; Inclusion? We are still looking for sponsors for fo…
If you didn't bring enough for everyone don't bring it at all
No, you saw and talked to who they wanted you to just like any captor has done throughout history in similar situations. The entire thing was manufactured for your narrative, but still the truth shown through.
Caption Graham and Pence in this photo. It's not pretty.
RT Read this thread, but replace “10x” with “toxic” and it’s spot-on.
It's going to be 92F today, but why not fire up the smoker for some meat and sausages?
Congratulations to you and your team! Keep up the good work!
"382 in here and another 382 inside"... You see from the video how big that cage is. That's inhumane and violates human rights. And Pence stands there with his arms folded with no emotion. I would say it's unbelievable, but at this point... ┐( ∵ )┌
The ability of American bacon to have very little meat and _still_ call itself bacon is a marvel of modern science. Doesn't take away from the fact that it's good, and deserves to be on fast food. I would argue it's the only redeeming quality.
While you were typing that I was all...
I drop the cheese most times, but yes.
RT 14. A 10x engineer doesn’t walk into a bar, they fork into 10 bars simultaneously, drink a pint of whisky at each, then join ba…
I am a sucker for a McGriddle
You go, girl!
Men are idiots.
I just snorted like a pig
I've been many times, to multiple cities. My DMs are open if you want.
I need this in my life.
What is this beautiful display of athleticism z and where can I find it?
Sunshine? Are you sure you're in London?
RT Springing a question on y'all as I wind up my work week and prep for the weekend... What was your professional life like…
I've mainly been in tech (sysadmin, support, app/web dev, project mgmt, etc) for 25+ years, but for awhile I did dual-duty as coffee shop owner. Both helped shape my views towards relationship building with customers/developers, and how I view #devrel and #community.
Circus clown. Made me what I am today.
Great thread for #cmgr as they dive into new #community roles
RT In September 2017, two CBP officers stopped each passenger and scrutinized their ID when exiting Delta Flight 1583. What CBP did…
True dat.
It was the rattlesnake's whiskey and uranium. The firearm was to protect the people.
You don't need anyone else!
What about 100% polished hot mess? Feels more positive and successful
RT "Empathy is much harder than we think....But to build empathy we need to slow down. Perspective taking is crucial" The problem…
If someone previously had been on zero podcasts, and then this year alone has been on 2 already, can that person go back and edit their Near Year's resolutions and OKRs to add an achievable goal? Asking for a friend.....
I did another thing... and had a great time doing it! Thanks to the team and to my co-guest for also sharing a banana bread recipe.
RT Looking to volunteer at #APICity2019? Volunteers get a free ticket to the event. Email contact More informat…
I'm certain we can make this happen
It was my pleasure chatting with all of you! I feel like we could have talked for hours.
Well, duh!
RT Join to celebrate the diverse speakers at KCDC this year! All are welcome to attend the diversity kickoff party!…
Planning your team’s dev rel strategy — Naomi Pentrel #devrel
A shiny new developer portal — Avital Tzubeli #devrel
#soon
RT Want to stay at the venue's hotel with our group discount rate? You can find the link here! #APIC…
RT ONE WEEK! ONE WEEK!!! ONE WEEK!!!!! We are one week away from the opening ceremonies of #kcdc2019! Judging from our numbers, m…
TomTom in its first year of dev rel #devrel
Proud to announce I will be presenting "Eventing &amp; AsyncAPI 2.0: Document and generate your stream microservices" at #APICity2019 on September 5th. Support this non-profit, community-led API event by registering for at - Hope to see you there!
Completely agree. was my favourite Marvel show on Netflix, with a close second. Both of their final seasons were their best.
Yup...
Just send them to me. You know you want to.
Gamification is important for #community and #devrel, and companies like Delta get it. Sending you something tangible upon reaching a milestone (doesn't have to be physical - could be virtual) gives you the warm fuzzy's necessary to continue to participate.
Yasss! Did you read the awesome article her partner Sue Bird wrote? Not ashamed to say I shed a couple tears and pumped my fists at multiple times while reading.
Oh please let that come about.
RT We just released Spectral v4.0, an open source API description linter with built-in #OpenAPI support! In v4.0, we made rul…
RT The Solace team is at #AWSSummit NYC! Drop by booth #239 after killer keynote. 💪
RT This is AMAZING Common decided to join in on some freestyle fun on the streets of New Orleans, alongside a local word…
Removing the assumption is key, and very difficult. Perceptions dictate reality.
As with everything he says, it smacks of a 6th grade book report where they didn't read the book, skimmed the cliff notes, and threw words together making no sense at all.
I live in Kansas... And this is ridiculous.
It's not cream, it's another name for Marmite.
RT Missed out on our awesome Meetup last night? Don't worry! We have just the thread for you!
RT I'm halfway through week 1 and I'm looking for folks building apps with #LiveStreaming components. Is that you? Have you…
Grass is highly overrated... And requires more mowing...
I mean, come on... Why not?
I want a goat to just eat all my grass. Heck, I just want a goat.
One of the top talks I am interested in at #DevOpsDaysCHI
RT Red Hat is still Red Hat. As we close the most significant tech acquisition of 2019, I want us to focus on the opportunity…
Tasty
Can't say enough awesome things about and what they're doing for the industry! Check out these four big announcements!
RT Our #developer advocate was at the meet up this week, talking to the crowd about building #eventdri…
That you're a survivor and a fighter?
RT *** Announcement *** We are pleased to announce our Sept 5th Schedule for the API Conference! Click on the presenter imag…
I've seen do a talk similar to this around company's APIs
That's good stuff there...
At night...
My youngest (a young Boy Scout) is getting ready to go on a trip, and in preparation was asking if he needed to take crutches. I'm so proud. #ParentingWin
RT When I was 13 years old, I wrote my Senator—I wanted to be a fighter pilot, but women weren’t allowed to do that. Mitch M…
I can never have enough
RT API City Conference is looking for a Breakfast sponsor and Social event sponsor. We also have other sponsor packages availab…
It almost seems like they have something to hide...
Congrats Brandon! More great things to come!
RT #Opensource enables a development method for software that harnesses the power of distributed peer review and transparen…
RT I especially love the idea of a carrying around a USB for when you need to use a public computer 🤔 10 ways to get started w…
This is such a touching moment! Congrats to Jessica and the entire #USWNT!
RT In New York this week? Come to #AWSSummit on Thursday and visit the Solace team at booth #239. More info:
Personas: you’re doing it wrong #devrel
What I think is not stated in "No injuries were reported" is because no one loves being proven they're an idiot.
RT As #RedHat's acquisition by closes, Red Hat will maintain independence and neutrality to give customers freedom, choice an…
Paging
There is a silver lining
You'll find out later it's the boogeyman
Oddly enough that's the first time someone has ever said that to me.
RT See how revamped his #hardware to conduct better #IoT tests for #InfluxDB #opensource #se…
Trapped in an ice cave by Jar Jar Binks. Kill me now.
Dilly dilly
It's time for #SpiderManFarFromHome
And don't forget that other thing. Restart.
5min? Maybe 4?
Manage your blog posts from a GIT repo and use continuous deployment to auto publish/update them - DEV Community 👩‍💻👨‍💻
Building a dream dev rel team #devrel
RT You ready for this?! Visit to subscribe to Delivering DevOps and get my top 10 #devops tips! 🎉 h…
I got a workout just reading that! Great job!
I am so thankful I grew out of this...
RT These are real illustrations migrant children drew depicting their time in U.S. detention camps, as released by the Americ…
I hereby task with filling my vacancy
#IWish #notGonnaHappenThisYear
Congrats mate! Great news for sure!
RT My premise: Open Source requires a vibrant community. I'll share my thoughts on a panel with
Yessss!
So in addition to needing to go back to law school (per a federal judge due to his illegal activity), seems he might need to go a bit further back? #ksleg
Also...
What you can learn from Hacktoberfest #devrel
RT It's happening, people! Tickets for the third after #kcdc2019 are officially on sale now! And they are already selling…
I don't understand your argument because you've not made one outside of claims about neutral countries not liking the USWNT because of "cockiness"... With no supporting facts. I get it. You don't like them. I don't care. But your argument &amp; statement smacks of misogyny. ¯\(°_o)/¯
RT I remember that time my teleprompter went out during a homily and I ended up telling my congregation how Jesus threw out the t…
Providing context for developer learning #devrel
Good luck with that. I agree with that you're argument is misogynistic.
So pray tell what it is about? Because as far as I can tell you mention the women's team is cocky.....? And that the world hates it because of that?
You never said anything about only criticizing the goals in the Thai games... Until your 5th post in the thread.
Got it... ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
No. I'm in the actual thread of your comments. You said nothing of specific goals,instead grouping all USWNT celebrations together until called out and mentioned them for the first time in your 5th tweet in this thread.
(me scrolls back....) Yeah, nice try at redirecting.
Orly? I imagine I'll find the same level of outcry from you for every Ronaldo, Messi, Neymar, Rooney, (do I need to go on?) celebration, right?
Me _literally_ every single time.
RT Recommended Read: FOAAS
I'll help. It's beyond time that we dumped the Imperial system.
So disturbing
Garbage is garbage. Doesn't matter the scale, it's still garbage.
RT ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ WE'RE WORLD CUP CHAMPIONS. #OneNationOneTeam
I am not a fan of La Croix. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
Once more for the PEOPLE IN THE BACK!
RT FT | Hard fought. Proud of our team. #GoldCup2019
So surprised! /s
The best #MEXvUSA match I have seen in awhile, with the difference really being Mexico converting their few chances and the USA converting none of their many. I think things are looking up for this #USMNT
Yeah it looked like there was no reason for him to fall on Altidore, and then to place his hands on his head and sit back on his haunches, and then go "what?" US needs to not fall for this baiting by Mexico.
"Hip Hop" in quotes... I don't even know the names, but it's crappy hip hop and rap. He does listen to Kendrick Lamar which is fine...
Let's go #USMNT !!
My youngest has finally upgraded from crappy "hip hop" to AC/DC and Led Zeppelin. I'm hoping it sticks. #HopefulParentingWin
I feel like I've forgotten how to sit at a table that doesn't have a row of taps on it
Thank you!
RT my brain: don’t say it… me: IT’S A PARTY IN THE USA! 🍾
#EqualPayNow
I know right?
With a nice backyard even
RT W ⭐️ O ⭐️ R ⭐️L ⭐️ D C H A M P I O N S #OneNationOneTeam
RT Teammates. Family. C H A M P I O N S #OneNationOneTeam
RT Your WOTM and pink haired queen👩‍🎤, presented by
Thanks Sean! 🎉
Ahh that's a really good point. Was strictly thinking about deaf with assumption of sign language knowledge.
This is how you make accessibility easily accessible. This is Portuguese TV, and a lot of the channels (primarily news and spoken word) have live sign language happening. No need for captioning. It's awesome.
I wish you were as well!
No, he wasn’t. We met up at JFK.
Awesome! Let's try and meet up
Correct.
Yeah, I second this. Let's connect soon
Will do!
The mimosas are already flowing!!
Headed off on my last trip of the year with my good friend and brother, bound for Lisbon and #WebSummit!
I know! It was like a whirlwind "Hi!" and then everyone was filtering around! Hope your week was good!
I was just thinking about that too... Hopefully we will connect at something else soon.
It's the thought that counts
Good time in the Sky Lounge with friends! #postKubeCon h/t
Looking forward to presenting at #GDG #DevFestKC in my hometown. View sessions and get tickets at
A very poor attempt at "Blue Steel"
Countdown to first red band trailer 🤘
Another great #KubeCon in the books. Was such a good week connecting with friends and making new ones, and some great conversations. Thanks to the and all of the volunteers, speakers, sponsors, &amp; organizers who made it possible. Hope to see you all at #KubeConEU
RT THIS IS WHAT IT MEANS ⭐️ PARTY HARD, #USA!!!!
No spin... He's linked to Trump, in his own words... "Q. Have you ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18? A: Though I'd like to answer that question, at least today I'm going to have to assert my Fifth, Sixth, &amp; 14th Amendment rights."
The Netherland defense was awesome and very formidable. Great match!
My feet _still_ have sandle lines from 18 years ago...
Let's go
There were so many great moments this season with all of the 80s throwbacks
So it's been 18 years. 18 crazy, amazing, rosey, fun, unbelievable years with this awesome woman. I wouldn't trade any of it, especially as our marriage can finally vote! Here's to a lifetime more as we barrel into adulthood! #AmIAdultingYet
So no #StrangerThings spoilers here... binged the rest last night with the family. Favourite season I think so far for me, and the places they can go next season are innumerable. Some of my favourite moments are Dustin and Steve together.
RT being a programmer and watching someone "hack" a computer on a TV show is like being a nurse and watching someone in a mov…
In all fairness, I can't imagine dealing with a tire while they're puking. No way to really help
That sucks! We once got pulled over by the NE Highway Patrol just before our exit while our son was puking in the car. Slowest stop ever.
Keep in mind that in Georgia you can register to vote when you renew or apply for a driver's license...
Keep in mind that in Georgia you can register to vote when you renew or apply for a driver's license
Ahh, institutional racism at its most obvious...
RT President Trump: "The Border Patrol has been treated very, very badly by certain members of Congress, very, very badly."
And he's still at it... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Even with a bum ankle that's kept him out of summer prep, he sees a foot ball and he's all over it.
I pay people for this sort of thing.
I'm peeing my pants, I'm so terrified.
Don't get a puppy. They're terrifying.
RT Our Director of Community breaks down how to deploy a Solace PubSub+ #eventbroker to 🌊 Check o…
RT Business objective: put the ball through the hoop. Every startup engineering team ever:
Hello Bram!!!
RT POST/CON is on Sept. 11-12 in SF and early bird pricing is ending soon! You'll hear from Postman users at
RT 🚀 Were launching a study into how businesses are measuring and valuing community programs. The final report will be free…
Ok, sure. Rain caused Trump to read the teleprompter wrong and say we took over airports during the Revolutionary War. Fine. But what about the claim that they were at Fort McHenry? He was reading a prepared speech.
RT "Community programs need to have a seat at the table." - This is a fantastic interview about how the community…
This is what makes a good July 4th speech.
Preemptive sign-up
RT Our team had a blast at last week in Toronto! We heard about #frontend and #UX development from experts lik…
Sustainable developer relations #devrel
Hard to argue with any of these. Happy 4th of July.
What is this sorcery? I must have it!
Demons.
Make sure you use a Smart Phone.
Yep, I will pass
I've purposely avoided the TV today. What have I (not) missed?
RT Once again for the people in the back: LINES OF CODE IS A BULLSH*T METRIC
If it is making me Ratatouille then I'm good with it
This is a great team and company! Check them out!
Love the Cutting Crew #StrangerThings
I hate rats. #StrangerThings
Wow I already see a possible Stranger Things / Winter Soldier crossover event.
Getting ready to watch a few episodes of #StrangerThings3 - I promise not to release any spoilers.
The scene is full of great moments
And the fezz....
I go back to the original series doctor's, but my first real connection was Tennant, with Smith being a close 2nd.
RT Our exceptional #USWNT keeps proving their dominance, it's time they got the respect they deserve. #TeamUSA
RT Did you know is providing FREE TECHNOLOGY SUMMER CAMPS at Microsoft stores this summer?? Yes. You read that co…
Waiting for all of us to be ready before watching... But also knowing we won't be able to finish all at once has me already perturbed.
Congrats! Fantastic news and you're going to rock it at Pusher! A great group of people, including my good friend !!
Great thread on my favourite comic writer/illustrator, Charles Schulz.
Oh I'd take that job if it was a thing. I will however, in the absence of said job, take free Dr Pepper.
All joking aside.... It's really neither a cherry drink (except for the Dr. Pepper Cherry variety) or a plum drink, or {insert flavor here}. It's a drink with 23 different flavours, and because of that different people will get different tastes. It's why it's the best soda.
RT A policy adviser at the Department of Homeland Security’s Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties was stunned when sh…
It is a good, nay a necessary, thing for each American to read the Declaration of Independence on today, July 4. It is also very important that they read the list of grievances, as quite a few could be applied to where we stand today.
RT Today, I’m declaring my independence.
RT Justin Amash: “Our politics is in a partisan death spiral. That’s why I’m leaving the GOP.”
It's plum...
It's kinda the backwards way but would take awhile for sure. I've done the Denver-Leadville-Vail-Denver route before (via US 24 to I70) and it's nice. probably will have some better ideas.
Conferences love "What I've learned with X over the last # years"
Well, yeah....
You're probably right.
I would be worried.
Oh I don't know... That one's kinda OK. But only in 2008.
And just like that it comes up on the mix in this car I am riding in. If I could exit this vehicle while it's moving I would.
So much this.
Didn't know I needed this until now
RT I don’t know she &amp; I may disagree on most issues, but anyone calling her “un-American” for criticizing the Presi…
And that's something I've seen you do many times.
Baseball stats. The epitome of celebrating literally the smallest achievement... "Up to bat is {Player} who hit his first home run June 13." Only one HR. Almost 200 times at bat. #coolstory Something there for #cmgr - celebrate even the smallest thing in your community.
Now I know what I'm doing...
Take care of yourself and yours. Everything else is secondary.
Drive to Leadville and then through Independence Pass
Took you long enough
In case you were wondering... Mustard won.
Oh I remember that series fondly. 🤩🤪
Me and my dad. I come by it honestly. #ForeverRoyal
How did that talk go?
Another reason for the growth and opportunity here is that, with some exceptions of course, these tend to be teaching _actual_, needed tech with real world application, while many colleges are teaching outdated courses by professors with tenure and outdated coursework.
Beautiful night for baseball #ForeverRoyal
RT Last week we made available for free the identity lectures we use for onboarding engineers at
AMEN!
RT Our explainer on the citizenship question the Trump administration wants to add to the 2020 census ht…
RT Friendly reminder that: 🌍 5pm in London 🌎 is noon in New York 🌎 which is 9am in San Francisco 🌏 and 1am in Tokyo Timezone…
Close.... So close....
RT We have a new episode that you should definitely play on full volume through your computer or phone speakers at work whi…
Have had good success with (good platform for apps and such) as well as
RT Research questions: 1. How do companies contribute to community #OpenSource Software projects? 2. What factors inform…
Adulting ftw
The math checks out.
Fantastic view into and the from GO #USWNT!! via
RT Nylas Customers Were Unaffected by the Google Outages... Here’s Why: #googleoutage #email #api
jerdog. BBS's, circa 1988.
Lack of plugins and integrations is a big one.
Did you check your breath after eating it?
DevRel Engineer One: Building a Developer Relations Team from The Ground Up
TFW your company's IT department _finally_ makes an alternative to #CrapEx available for the company (in this case MS Teams)
Great match from the #threelionesses tonight.
RT Tips from on how to have more productive and insightful conversations with developers, using a method based on…
Happy Birthday to Alex Morgan!!!!
Agreed. Lost track the times I have been called upon for this, and I love connecting people.
#LifeGoals
Tips for growing and nurturing developer communities #devrel
Building a diverse dev rel team #devrel
Time and time again it seems to repeat itself that those who are vehemently opposed to something are found to be partakers in the same.
RT SPREAD THIS. Text CAMPS to 668366 &amp; demand #Congress #CloseTheCamps now. h/t
I'm young enough (or old enough?) to remember a time when the GOP wouldn't have stood for this and would have lost their minds &amp; action would have been taken. I also remember when THIS ✖️ WOULD ✖️ NOT ✖️ HAVE ✖️ BEEN ✖️ A ✖️ THING! And yet... here we are. Disgraceful.
Bot....
Have been looking but haven't seen anything else mentioned in the media about any activities currently happening. Only thought about the Russian submersible was that it was a Special Ops vehicle...
Yeah I saw that as well about Pence... odd that specifically the statement said "is not health related for the VP or President" and is not "related to national security."
Maybe something to do with this?
RT Anyone know of devrel positions open to a junior? Tae'lur has built her platform from scratch and would be a great addi…
I'm assuming the decision is not whether to purchase it, it's if you will wear a cowboy hat while using it. The obvious answer is obvious.
RT Growth loops in the developer community happen when devs share projects, write blog posts, give talks and interact at events. A…
RT Great thread, very relevant to developer relations: - growth loops matter more than the funnel - developers can't advocate unt…
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ never hurts to check given DevRel Life
Linux VM.
I haven't logged into that site since early January. I pick my dumpster fires very carefully.
Has anyone checked on or recently?
So... Just cats?
Has happened a lot to me... Green Day, Smashing Pumpkins, Radiohead... I don't like this future.
RT "Never in the 230-year history of the census has the complete-count questionnaire (or its equivalent) asked for the citize…
Congrats Shen!
RT Don't miss tips for better team communication and collaboration: #TheOpenOrg
Congratulations!
Missed it by "that" much...
Justified was amazing, easily one of my all-time favourite series.
RT Strange that there was never a birtherism movement for Ted Cruz, but there is for Kamala Harris. It's almost as if Kamala H…
You got a point
Yup. Beagles. Devious.
Yes, it's legally required. =) And since they started shipping a linux kernel they're following the rules - more than could be said for some companies (looks at primarily). The shock and awe is more that Microsoft is shipping a linux kernel! :P
It's either the end of the world, or a while new world. Either way, I love it?
I've yet to experience this... That needs to change soon
RT Christ is not American. The Church is global. Our neighbors are all of humanity. The National Anthem is not a Christ-ia…
You know, if you didn't accept that they could monitor you, or send you push notifications, etc...
You're a true brother.
The beauty of it is you, the expert, define what expert means.
Totally putting "long hair influencer" on my Instagram profile.
Reading comprehension level set to 0
Definitely agree here, and have seen it repeated time and time again, both from inside and outside of a company
I'll be in CHI for DevOpsDays... I'll see it with you again!
It should not be a surprise that FoxNews is bias - but rarely is it on full display like with North Korea.
Cats are evil, spawn of the devil. Don't @ me.
We have the same temp!
This is all I got for you
Seems "Amazon" is charging taxes on donuts now
Dibs! And if you ate them after offering them, you're a sociopath and need to make me more.
I wanna buy a cow. Get rid of the middle man.
Same thing with Google Assistant on my phone and my Google Home answering at the same time
Not the first, or likely last, time I've heard that
That's a fantastic read of the background to that awesome song.
The sun distorts. Nothing to be worried about.
I think I am still trying to figure out what I watched
Can honestly say I have seen that once. y Yesterday... O.o
Well done!
Happy birthday mate!
Because of that time you won back your freedom
Principles for developer documentation #devrel
Watching Saving Private Ryan for the first time with my oldest kids, and already tearing up... Going to be a rough next 3 hrs
Thought they had those now.... Of all places
Wait... I thought vaccinations were?
And bread...
I imagine here...
Hope you enjoyed the hot dogs.
After Pulse: Video Content 101 #devrel #community
Going to be a great episode... I am craving Banana bread...
RT We’re making GitHub more accessible than ever as our global community expands. Find new, localized, help documentation written…
RT We will be running a free 3 hr webinar about how to build Kibana dashboards on Tuesday 16 July 9 am - noon. If…
/me waves at Mary #devrel Developer Relations
Said _one_ leader in attendance....
Thanks to you and for checking me when I'm wrong.
Yep. They're great on pizza.
RT If I did a #Serverless September event, would any of you interested in writing an article? I’m looking at you
Yes agreed. Not the context of the tweet... But totally agree
As always... You're not wrong...
TIL about a great initiative by the team!
Friday Dev Question: What is the proper ratio of pizza slices per developer? Asking for a friend.
Can you imagine them in a debate?
This thread of her old tweets is gold. Reminds me of Kevin Nealon's character in Happy Gilmore...
Thanks!
Yeah everything she said last night was a head scratcher.
Make sure you schedule that in
So many companies create their own that never get released, others are starting to feel left out
Bubbles gotta bubble up
It truly was, and so glad you could join us Sean! 😜🎂🎉
Happy Birthday 🎂
Gabe.
RT is at booth B18 right now for a fun-filled #FiresideChat on #DevRel and #Kubernetes! Check it out! 👏🏼 #KubeCo…
WTF?
Ohhh... competition! Let's go KubeCon
OH: Oy Simon and Punk Funkel... punk cover band
The classical name
OH: The restaurant gum is free.
A very full, and quite dark, auditorium for the opening keynotes here for #Kubecon + #CloudNativeCon Day 1
RT No, the polls weren't wrong. The polls were right, but they measured the wrong thing. They measured "How people want…
RT Chatted with for this conversation. 🚀 Tracy &amp; I dig into recent #FrontEnd topics such as the state…
Usually that means someone else has to progress first... And there's a long list fighting amongst themselves right now.
You beat me to it. Always alone.
Ahh, I see quite a few friends there!
Yeah... There were a few answers to that question that left me less than impressed...
This is all you need... #jabberwocky
What insanity is that?
So glad you guys finally got to meet in person.
Oh all sorts of bodily functions have been heard by my co-workers over the years... #remotework
Ohhhh good question. I too would like to know, as that would seemingly be a huge qualification.
I'm way behind... What have I missed?
A great move forward for us at Solace!
RT #PagerDuty's discusses how #DevOps is not a product, but rather a fully embraced methodology and mindset of auto…
RT A community builder can speak the language of their members. A community professional can speak the language of their me…
I like clams, so makes sense.
Great resource for learning about identity!
Until recently my current company did expense reports via Excel spreadsheets with macros...
RT Looking for a way to save your company some money while looking like a hero? 🦸🏻‍♂️ That's possible with PubSub+ Monitor.…
RT 🐞🐞🐞 WE’RE LAUNCHING A TECH PODCAST!!! and I will discuss life in tech, career, and code! Ou…
Wait, we have a QA department? #ProgrammingIn6Words
Oops, I did it again! #ProgrammingIn6Words
Blink twice if you're ok
RT Developing a Strategic Super Fan Program
This! Imagine if companies viewed their Docs this way! A return to the Linux 'man' where you had everything local and can do work without needing an internet connection, helpful for working on a plane, train, etc.
Let's catch up soon!
So like all 3rd Party Twitter apps over the years
Me, Myself, and Irene
I Know What You Did Last Summer
Congratulations Jim!
I'm going to start documenting things "scientifically not just words"
RT I am pleased to announce that and House Intel will have Special Counsel Robert Mueller testify in open…
Good to hear. 🤪😁👽
So assuming you're still with us?
Once a sink-pooper, always a sink-pooper
Solid case for opening an impeachment inquiry in this thread
RT Learn how to use every Postman feature with our in-app Bootcamp lessons!
Kelsey Hightower’s approach to developer relations #devrel
RT Coffee. The most important 8 meals of the day.
Make sure to stop by and say hi to and at #Connect19
Congratulations Brandon!!
RT Remote working has grown in popularity, but how do you do it well? Here are my five pragmatic recommendations for building a…
Seems like a trick question...?
Ahh yes, the IRC meetings. That takes me back!
RT Server-Side Validation with API Descriptions by
It's always good to know how long before you can cry in a movie, or how long expects you to wait.
That was at the end and I also cried there. Pretty much I was a blubbering mess the entire movie, both times I've seen it.
So that opens up an interesting question, what is the acceptable time limit for a full mimosa?
Oh I'd start with the amount his father and friend accepted for him to go to Auburn (hint: &gt;$100k).
Does it happen more than once a year?
RT Hey Twitterverse: When you're looking to contribute to an #OpenSource project, what items make you really excited about a p…
I never take a cab from LHR... The Express just pays for itself for me
That was a Superpowerstrip
I lost a quart of water through tears during the entire movie
I was crying the first minute of Endgame
This is valuable info for companies with remote employees. If one needs to be on a video call, all need to be.
Yeah I was there last week and it was toasty for Zurich. Hotel room Dyson "A/C" blower didnt help
RT At airport: Rept: I'm a reporter who travels to Mexico a lot. CBP: What's your story on? Rept: I'm a US citizen. CBP: That…
Congrats Tierney! A true testament to your hard work!
Definitely appropriate, especially during things like #Hacktoberfest
RT Great article from about how effectively track the efforts and contributions of companies #DevRel teams. Basicall…
I'll add to it proper tags on Issues to identify quick hits for first timers and new members
Steps in the README that help me know how to get involved, what it does, etc.. are all factors in boosting my excitement in willingness and interest in a project
To the mid-thirties male driving a Kia Soul with a big cigar, unlit, in his mouth - I salute you.
You speak it they will come.
Jealous...m
So in closing, thank you to and #chesterbennington for what they've meant to me in my life and for the impact they've had on so many around the world with their raw passion and talent. And for #SuicidePrevention call 1-800-273-8255 or [11/11]
So I say all of this, to say that I came across this performance in Germany back in August of last year... Shinoda talks a little about where they stand and then invites the crowd to a sing-a-long... And I broke down while making breakfast. [10/11]
This performance of "One More Light" on Jimmy Kimmel Live was poignant given their dedication of it to Chris Cornell ( but the last performance of the song ( is especially heart-breaking. [9/11]
...two years ago, July 20, 2017. That is when Chester took his life after years of depression and substance abuse. I cried. Not ashamed to say I balled, almost as much as I did when Johnny Cash died. The new album was out and I had heard "One More Light".. Crushed.... [8/11]
There were a few other songs which I really loved ("Bleed it Out", "Hands Held High"), but that album was lower on the list for me overall. Over the coming years I would mix all three of these albums into a regular rotation, but ultimately would take a backseat... until.. [7/11]
In 2007 "Minutes to Midnight" released &amp; with it "What I've Done". Around that time I was beginning to come to grips with decisions in life I had made &amp; consequences. This song would ultimately become an anthem for me, &amp; I was even able to play guitar on it at church once. [6/11]
It was around 2003 that I got to see them for the first time (ultimately 3 times in total), and was blown away by their willingness (especially Chester) to wear their heart on their sleeve in person and not just on an album. It solidified them to me as a favourite. [5/11]
"Numb" was a fist-raising moment for me, especially the words, "all I want to do is be more like me and be less like you!" I was struggling with all that was changing in me (politics, faith, feelings) and trying to figure out what "be more like me" was like. [4/11]
When "Meteora" came out, "Somewhere I Belong" brought me to tears the moment I heard it. The anguish, pain, discomfort with life was all embodied in the song and was so real to me as I was struggling to learn how to be ok with feeling feelings... [3/11]
With songs like "Crawling", "Papercut", "In the End", and "One Step Closer" they spoke to feelings I had at times, and feelings I never had the space to express, through how I grew up &amp; the place I was in life. I would listen to that album repeatedly, with growing emotion. [2/11]
So a bit of rawness today... When #LinkinPark burst onto the scene in 2000 with "Hybrid Theory", it blew my mind. I loved the music, but it was the raw lyrics and passion as a band which spoke to me. Chester's voice, and Mike's measured cadence captured me. [1/11]
Having lived in tornado land basically my entire life I can confirm this is legit
Not with that attitude! 😆😂
Dang... And to think you missed out on a new dessert partner.
So... Going to go out on a limb here and assume that you don't have _any_ clothes, household cleaners, vehicle, beauty products, etc. Right? Because that would make your whole line of accusation against Sonia (who has empathy btw, in loads) hypocritical and humorous.
Couldn't be any worse than the #KansasCityStack debacle
"Hmm I have these sausages and Texas biscuits.... What should I do with them...?"
Agreed. It was quite good...
Totally depends on the type of remote worker. If a nomad then that's the schtick - travel and work from anywhere. If you have a home base, then you have mortgage/rent, maybe kids (and possibly school), spouse with job, etc. Can be expensive to tack on work anywhere to that.
Well done #USMNT! 10 goals in 2 games while conceding none. Sure, not top-flight competition, but this is the best I have seen the team look in a long time. And Bradley didn't flub it up.
Let's go back to the butter knife thing....
I imagine this is the response from
RT 1/ If AG Barr tells you to argue that children don't need blankets, floorspace to sleep on, or toothpaste to be "safe and…
RT I loved this review of Aviation Gin someone sent me after I wrote it.
Jealous of course...
Lol Delta. 90min delay out of Zurich while on the plane
And... Home. Finally. After 24hrs, 4 planes, and 3 delays.
And we're finally in the air. The entire flight just clapped.
I anticipate in the vein of "Vice"
New plane here... "third tries a charm" seems appropriate here... But we are at gate 13... So there's that...
And now instead of replacing the brake pad... They're replacing a plane. Again.
So a long day of travel back from Zurich... Left ZUR 90mins late due to rerouting into ATL; flight from ATL to MCI delayed initially 90mins to swap planes due to mechanical failure; new plane as we're pushing back brake pad falls out... Now waiting another hour to replace it
And guess who benefits... His defense donors, the top 1% who own stock in defense industries (and members of Congress too), and Russia (imagine that). Who loses? The American people, our military, the Iranian people, and really the world.
RT 👷 How many people worked on the Apollo program? ✨ Why can’t you see stars in Apollo mission photos? 🚀 When are we going back to…
This transcript and video are powerful and the perfect rebuke to McConnell's dumb argument.
That's an awful lot of stuff! Congrats to the team!
Jen, I got you! 😆
RT If you DID NOT learn about Juneteenth in school, RT this, I’m really trying to see something.
RT Something you may have missed: the Trump administration is arguing in court that they aren't required to provide detai…
RT "For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me" Matthew 25…
Dual purpose... Love it!
FFS people... When boarding the plane, keep your backpacks fully on, not just on one shoulder. And maybe take it as a clue when you've hit the first 20 heads.... -Signed, Everyone in an aisle seat from aisle 14-40.
RT Wow. Hicks was accompanied by 6 lawyers to her House Judiciary Committee testimony: 2 private attorneys, 3 White House…
This is awesome!
Report back!
So sorry to hear this Jason. May you make it there safe and quickly, and may you have the most time with her in this time. 😢
I'm sure it looked just like this
Cats out of the bag now Ember.
TFW you're packing your suitcase to go home with no work travel upcoming for 2 months...
Also, good on you reaching #CheersLifeStatus
I'm sure it had nothing to do with Ember calling ahead to let them know you were coming
RT Twilio’s Messaging API and underlying Super Network make SMS simple. Learn best practices for SMS from our experts.
RT Join me next Thursday, I'll be sharing how community can truly be part of your #CX &amp; not only be a buzzword. RSVP:
I'm all ears!!!
Yeah it's sad how many think it's ok
The evolution of the Influencer
Evidence to the contrary?
This is really what should be happening. #IgnoreTrump.
Same.
I've heard about this program recently... Pretty sh¹[ty, and they were already outed at one point and said they'd be glad to discuss to make better... But my feeling is it was just lip service.
Salty...
RT GraphQL support is here! You can now import specifications in Postman for smarter and more precise querying. Ge…
That's what I was trying to remember... Thanksn
Trollbot most likely...
I don't go to places where they tell me how I'm supposed to feel about the food...
RT "Developer Relations" have been buzzwords in the tech industry but what does the phrase actually mean? And how does it differ fr…
No they leave them up to the government.
Savages.
Whoever could you be referring to?
Ok.
I hear Digiorno doesn't taste like oven pizza
What are you? A noob?
Twitterverse... Looking for some video hardware to record meetups / workshops... Any ideas?
RT This is a great read for command-line users on MacOS too. #CodeNewbie ~&gt; A beginner's guide to Linux permissions
RT If you’re more concerned with which politician is correctly using the phrase “concentration camp” than you are with under…
Who doesn't need a meat cleaver?
Fez!
Yay! So happy for you!
RT It took awhile, but our website is finally live. Tickets are on sale until the end of July!
While this is good advice, I would caution #CMGR that if you're not responding to your needs as an individual, you will eventually damage yourself and in turn, damage your community. It is important to have good people around you to help you recognise the triggers and respond.
Word.
Two great suggestions.
If you know what is important, use filters and labels on them, and Archive the rest. You can still find them if need be.
OMG! Happy Birthday!!!
Deal. Apartment-hunting-as-a-service. 5% of each months rent.
Yeah likely explanation is different definitions. Depending on who you talk to, and their definitions of "active" and "contributor".
Considering the vast emoluments violations this guy has, it makes sense
Paris was nice... Really requires more time than I had
It does! Might have to go try it out.
At one time Microsoft's wireless ergo keyboards were great. Have you checked them out recently?
The #eiffeltower is an amazing piece of work, and awe-inspiring in the daytime and at night. [3/3]
I choked back tears as I visited #notredamedeparis... It was just 2 months ago that it caught fire, and this past Saturday, 2 months to the day, the priests were able to hold their first mass. A lot of work to do, but they're up to it. [2/3]
With only 42 hrs in Paris I had two requirements... Visit Notre Dame and visit the Eiffel Tower. I was able to do both, and the resulting experience was worth it. [1/3]
RT DX vs UX is a false dichotomy. An excellent developer experience is not a trade-off for great customer experience. 🍎
This. Building #community never gets old, and it's these moments which keep refilling that proverbial cup.
RT People want to be seen and heard. So much of #DevRel is just trying to fix that awful gap between corporations and their con…
It's the lighting
Unleashing the power of code — Dr Mo Haghighi #devrel
RT If you’re a part of community, tune into this conversation I’ll be having with their members on June 26th. It should…
Wait... What's that you say?
RT Hey tech companies, you want to have a positive influence on society and politics? Let people work remotely from their home tow…
RT The Art of Talk Design, talk from #DevRelCon London 2018 is now available as a video:
RT is pointing out that our tendency to view our peers as celebrities robs us of community by undermining vul…
I know better...
RT Hear from our team about why we made a Diversity &amp; Inclusion Group, why it's important, and how to make your own! #diversity #in…
Living the #DevRelLife with tonight, finally meeting IRL with matching shirts for dramatic effect
RT Issue 69 of #DevRelWeekly is out! Articles from &amp; in addition to tweets from
Solid tips, and been able to do most regularly... Getting better at turning off the computer.
#DODKC is in a few months. Seems like a great time! I'll organize a BBQ get together.
And they tweeted a new message.... LOL
And they deleted it :P for posterity, here's what it was
As being from #KansasCity, let it be known this is not an accurate representation of a "Kansas City Stack". If you're looking for a real Kansas City Stack, might I suggest you visit a place like or Also, we don't say "Yeehaw!"
100% correct. More sustainable and valuable for sure. It's the core premise of the first 5 parts of my blog series (still need to write #6 and #7)
Oh yes.
Tim. It was 70F today.
Some great stuff from on this ( and even though this isn't your first DevRel job, some good stuff here ( and I put some stuff down on the questions I like to ask (
Bengals are 5-3... * They beat a 49ers team already on a 2-game slide (now 5-3) * They beat a Seahawks team that was 3-1 (now 5-3) * They beat a Bills team that was 5-3 (now 5-4) Best team in the AFC, resembling a SB run? Come on seriously?
This has got to be a sacrilege to put in a Bud Light glass...
Awesome! See you soon!
RT Some of the many friendly people you’ll meet in this #Kubernetes community! Say hello to all them when you see them!
As someone who's made #DevRel &amp; #Community my career for the last ~12 years, it's really disappointing &amp; disheartening when I hear those in DevRel orgs say things like, "I don't know what our strategy is," or "I don't know what our leader even does." Hearing this more often. 🙄
Cool yeah let me see if I can make it over there
RT Time to get hyped up for our November #DevOps KC meetup on Nov 28th with from talking about the a…
RT It's wild that some conspiracy theorists think there's a secret group of billionaires controlling everything, when the…
When the fuck did Lyft start showing ads?
You would think.....
Stupid fucking Twitter
OH: We all have birthdays!!
I'm wide open really, shoot me a DM and let's chat
Amazing, deep album. They made it into an actual Broadway musical, and there was a documentary on it which I taped, but my DVR fizzed out and I lost it and never saw it...
Oh you're right. It wouldn't, because he was pulling this crap long before Trump.
But here's the flip side... If Hilary had not been the candidate Trump wouldn't have won. Enough Republicans who disliked Trump hated Hilary more and would vote for anyone but her.
Fair, given our propensity to murder proper fish and chips.. but still... Kansas City is my hometown. And that is not it.
It's quite honestly (I believe) rooted in a distrust of politicians and the Religious Right being politicised (irony, I know) and pushing power. They viewed Orange Idiot as their path to power and pushed everything he said as gospel.
He couldn't handle Zubrowka
What in the.... This is not a "#KansasCity Stack"... It's not even that original, and no one in Kansas City would come close to serving that as "Kansas City" anything. and what are you smoking? Seriously. /smdh
Agreed, and while that's frightening given his role and power, what's even more frightening is the fact that ~30% of the country follow him and buy hook, line, and sinker everything he says.
Who are you and what have you done with my Brandon? Is this Josh or taking over your Twitter account again?
It's possible it's just a fluke.
Yes! Winning!
So I get why session organizers at a conference want people to herd and seat from the front to the back... But it's annoying and I don't approve, and I will stand at the back until they're seating the area I want to sit in.
In all fairness my seat wasn't that comfortable
Interesting results when I start to type "how long to get Delta partner miles added to account"
This guy just keeps rising in my book. Too bad McConnell won't let it go anywhere.
RT Here's our piece from last night on Impeachment...
Ahh interesting... I'm about to hit Gold and would love the challenge to hit Platinum... Hint, hint
Yeah their trial program helping bring you over from another carrier is nice. I am assuming that's what you used though.
Eiffel Tower at night... #ShotonOnePlus7Pro #nofilter
RT “Guys” is not a gender-neutral term when addressing a diverse group. I wrote about why I care —
RT If you are a lead in any capacity your primary job is no longer to be the best coder in the room. Your job is to invest i…
So the moral (and it is about morality) of the story here is that Harvard has a standard that Ben (and others who spout this line of (non)reasoning) says no one possibly meet. Except for those who, let's go out on a limb here and say, aren't racists? Seems to me it's pretty easy.
[3/3] And another one - “The true test of a man’s character is what he does when no one is watching.” ― John Wooden
[2/3] Here's some food for thought - “Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.” ― John Wooden
Because here's the thing.. What you do in private, echoes in what you do in public - it never fully stays private. It invades your thoughts, your decisions, your subconscious. It's simple psychology &amp; knows this, and believes it, and applies it - I guarantee it. [1/3]
This Twitter exchange wins the internet
It's why I'm so glad I don't have to rely on it. I can enjoy it when I want, and on my terms.
This is hilarious.
Combinations of those as an answer of Yes to all 3.
Seems #drunkhashtagging is the best hash tagging as well
BBS's connected to the Internet, IRC, USENET, and the like.
#AchievementUnlocked then
Donavon is on to something here. I know of a clown in Brooklyn who specialises in birthday parties
Feels like work...
That means a lot.
Yep, an A380. Crazy big plane.
Thanks.....
Seems to check out!
RT Waiting for #DoctorWho to come back on air.
Congratulations! You're going to do awesome!
This is great Swarna! I saw someone recently (don't recall where) who said they use "Hello Friends and Enemies" as a salutation, and then let the audience figure out who is who! 😆
First time on the upper deck of a plane, Air France to Paris for a few days and then train to Zurich and then home. Whirlwind, but this is a nice comfy start
So... Now what?
26...
Mauricio.
No... That's why it's suspect. 🤩
Exactly. Seems highly suspect, especially since it looks like he wrote it himself after picking it up off the printer. 🤣😂😅😆
I know you are but what am I?
The struggle is real. Also....
Which is what, you know, the Constitution and the Rule of Law are all about...
The whole video itself is just outstanding.
RT (THREAD) This thread discusses the difference(s) between the OPPOSITION RESEARCH conducted by the Democrats in 2016 and t…
I like the idea of the app, as it seems to mix Pocket with your browser bookmark manager inside the browser which never really worked as well as was promised. I don't like the idea of a service, but if I can simplify &amp; get rid of all of my duplicates &amp; such it's probably worth it
RT Here’s what happened when Trump was asked about his ‘favorite’ author
Might have to give this a try... Checks a lot of boxes
“An API Strategist Explores Event-Driven APIs” by Emmelyn Wang
She's taking that Coldplay song a bit seriously
When I used to run a mobile development services company I routinely had multiple phones with me and it was not uncommon to be programming them and flashing them with new software while at IHOPs (because open 24 hours with Wi-Fi) and coffee shops. I once had four on the table.
And yet... Is it?
Congrats on new endeavours! Look forward to what you have planned.
I ask my Kansas members of Congress... And leadership in Congress... Read this thread. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THE CONCENTRATION CAMPS AT THE BORDER?
Alrighty, so we found one member of Congress who seems to imply he has taken help from foreign government and thus violating the Federal Election Campaign Act (i.e. LAW). Or he's foolish. His own words.
#FlagDay - that yearly day where you ceremonially desecrate the flag by treating it like your security blanket, all while doing unpatriotic and illegal things.
Yeah, the earliest I remember doing it, or needing it, was when my parents were in the church choir and would mouth things to me in the crowd, usually because I was acting up (I know that comes as a shock).
RT The Treasury Department had designs to place Harriet Tubman on the $20 in the works. The Admin's decision to delay this ho…
I've done this all my life, and not quite sure how/why I started doing it.
Oh mate that sucks! Are you ok?
Final act tonight at is
Here at with
RT "Rev’ing the Demo Hardware" by #DEVcommunity
Problem is it's virtually impossible not to get some on yourself in the process. Nobody wants that.
EMILY
Especially an airport burrito, and allowing the pressurised cabin to work its magic
Audacity. All the time.
RT Wondering about the ins and outs of #DevRel and what all of the various titles and terms mean? I took the time to write it…
Sounds like a very aromatic dinner....
It's an idea...
It's a skill that will serve you well in later years.
Douchenozzle's the lot of them. Alternatively you could go out all elbows and farts.
RT Today’s DevRel office hour notes: - Time to hire an advocate is unpredictable, have different plan for whether it takes 3/6/12…
Another great #remotework day. Amazing weather for mid-June in Kansas.
RT Thor singing Johnny Cash's arrangement of Hurt will simply move you to tears 😂 (via IG: chrishemsworth)
That'll do it
I guess I am that out of touch with idiots...
One thing I have been thinking about lately is I don't hear _anyone_ complaining about vaccinating our pets. We do it without question, because we don't want rabies &amp; other diseases. But when it comes to vaccinations &amp; proven (repeatedly) false narratives around vaccines.. /shrug
From someone who would know, this is great news.
Great to hear. Love you man.
RT She. Lied. LIED. Over and over. She is a liar-faced liar who wasn’t even very good at lying. Why is that so hard to say? ht…
RT This is it, everyone! The early bird for #KCDC2019 ends today. If you’ve been stalling, delay no further. The time is now! Tick…
Good words to live by, not just in the office.
The Art of Talk Design — Melinda Seckington #devrel
You would think you wouldn't have to say it... But ┐( ˘_˘)┌
Good luck charm
Congrats to #Toronto #Raptors!
I'm impressed with Golden State here... Instead of leaving the court after losing, Curry, and Green, and others went and congratulated the Raptors. That's sportsmanship, and not something you see much anymore in the NBA.
I'm not there, but you know how to reach me. And know I'm there if you need me.
RT Not sure why everyone’s so worried about Thor, he’s fine guys...
Fortune cookie just told me I'm #winning at learning - because I don't understand what I'm doing. At all.
RT Most Americans have not read Mueller’s report. Some may be astonished to learn that a finding of “no collusion,” much l…
Very interesting thread on a new product from Pulumi!
RT :) is having a Regional Training program on working with Media with Cloudinary that is going to take place on A…
RT Earlier today my team open sourced GoAlert, a product for on-call scheduling, automated escalations and notifications. P…
RT Swarna is spot on here. I’ve heard similar arguments recently when a person is confronted with behavior that doesn’t enab…
RT “I’ve never seen it happen or heard of it happen, so it doesn’t happen.” “It never happened to me (or, anymore) so it doesn’…
RT We're more than a browser, so we've got a new look (and a few new logos) to cover our entire family of products!
Someone should write a book detailing this... Oh wait... 😅🤪
I'm generally good with this, however the pervasiveness and intrusiveness of ads these days makes it very difficult to view content. Which is kind of a chicken/egg thing as well I will admit.
No, he doesn't get it.
This is such a great troll...
Awesome! Good luck!
RT "I would take help from a foreign adversary against U.S. citizens running against me and not notify the FBI" is about as…
Very disappointing
Savage. Anything spill?
That's what Santorum did tonight to Anderson Cooper
RT If any USG employee with a clearance declared "Why yes, I'd talk to a foreign agent and not talk to the FBI," not only wo…
RT It’s time for Congress to begin impeachment hearings.
That is beautiful. Where is it?
RT Those looking for #engagement don't always connect it to community strategies - but they should. Well-managed communities empow…
"Oppo research" is usually different than "assistance from foreign government"... He either lacks the mental capacity to understand, or chooses not to because he knows what he has done and knows the GOP leadership won't do anything.
Good, that's how I like to keep you
Solid entry by them.
I was scared. Sought safety in the beautiful weather.
Gareth the Suck Up
And to be clear, Fahrenheit or Celsius?
RT #DevRelCon San Francisco may be over for this year but the #cfp is open for London's edition!
Good to know that the Rule of Law is still _moderately_ alive and well
They left without me noticing which has me a bit concerned
RT Members get tired of almost any community tactic. Your popular AMAs, office hours, 'feature fridays', breakdowns or w…
27. How is my number more than yours?
I know, right?!
Someone told me that #blameMaryGrace was trending, and I didn't believe them. How could they be so wrong?
None obnoxious. Instead they're wearing suits and dresses.
RT And we're off! #AllThingsOpen 2019 has officially launched with the first round of speakers and our traditional $99 spec…
The joys of #remotework - sitting outside a local Panera in 72F weather.
Suburban city to Kansas City, on the Kansas side. Very much Midwestern.
I'm working from a local Panera today, and a two-table bridge meetup has sprung up with 8 older ladies, complete with their own table cloths and everything. AMA.
RT We're live with Ep 36: joins us this month to talk about how to create stellar v…
Ship it!
RT The new site design is aesthetically pleasing &amp; I love the previews, but it eliminated so much functionality😩 -I c…
So... At least we know his lying is a thing and not some blip on the radar, and that he's always been a raging narcissist. Also, the sun is hot, water is wet.
VSS was that dumpster fire you never knew you were in.
Yeah I've used that on Google Photos and love it.
See I've not had a bad experience with Blue Bottle - ever (SF and NYC). Their cappuccinos have been perfectly crafted with balanced notes of the 3 elements (espresso, milk, foam), and their pourover's superb.
It's not. 😜😀 But I committed to it. You can take me there the next time we are in the same city that has one.
They also over-roast the coffee so that it can sit on the grocery shelves for 6mo; use push button machines and remove care from the craft. A step up in quality isn't saying much. That being said, I will visit one the next time I am around one.
Properly roasted coffee, craft drinks made from scratch manually (not push-button machines with overly steamed milk), I could go on. 🤩🧐
RT For those of you who aren’t based in SF and won’t be able to make the June 19 SRE meetup, catch my talk online at this upco…
By the question, it makes me assume that you've never been to a Blue Bottle. Am I correct in that assumption?
I believe the term you're referring to is Swill™, or possibly Gullible™, or even Drugs™. But not Fancy. That's Dunkin' Donuts.
Tierney.
From a good friend in the area... Any Blue Bottle. Culture Espresso Bluestone Lane isn't bad Stumptown in the Ace but it's south.
Multiple Blue Bottle shops in that area if I recall.
RT If I responded angrily to every person who seeks to provoke anger from me on social media, I’d never experience peace, pur…
Add thick slices of bacon and it becomes (of course) even better.
Never. It is Noon somewhere.
RT Final call for questions for and my #VelocityConf #DevRel talk! Whatcha got?!
The lone, shining example of news on Fox
Doesn't mean I wouldn't want to watch it 😂 😁
RT “…he shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed…” —Constitution, Art. II, §3 Five threads on Mueller’s report &amp;…
Meet Sid Maestre #devrel
DevRelCon San Francisco 2019 retrospective #devrel
RT Learn how to make #openbanking responsive and agile with #asynchronous and #eventdriven #APIs in this #APIdaysSingapore20…
Watch all of this. No excuse for those members to be absent, and no excuse that we don't provide for those who did what many of us wouldn't. Congress will provide $1.5T tax cuts and handouts to the rich and powerful, but won't do anything here. #NeverForget #FirstResponders
RT For those keeping track at home...that's 17 years.
RT Call me crazy but I think if you can't manage or mentor women you probably shouldn't be a manager?
I don't mind connections so I take them for everything I can, with multiple connections being a nice benefit to get status on stops instead of miles
I used it for awhile and then the official Twitter app got better. Should probably give it another go.
This is why I fly exclusively (unless out of my control) "Fifth grade students stranded by American Airlines on class trip get rescued by Delta with private flight"
RT A big welcome to who joins the GitHub team today as Chief Operating Officer 🎉
RT Shortly after Trump called me “very fake news” at February 2017 news conference, Hope Hicks called me to say Trump thought I wa…
Congrats!
Fantastic choice!!!
Wow!
RT In a world where we see our species working against others on a daily basis, it's lovely to see us working *with* another spe…
We used to have to drive around for our oldest to fall asleep, and then found out he really enjoyed Pearl Jam's "Yellow Ledbetter".
Probably not, but they did just sink $200m into Kentucky after he lifted sanctions on Rusal, a Russian aluminium company owned by oligarch Deripaska who's involved in the Russian interference, so they could build a new plant. So, maybe.
Error pages present a unique opportunity to educate and connect
Hey I don't make the rules. How's the packing?
So excited to go to my first #DevOpsDays ever... And it be #DevOpsDaysChi
Yes. You've got it.
No, you've reached peak skill.
See!? You have time!
12 hours? That's more than enough time. Heck could get a good night's sleep, have brunch, and then pack and _still_ get there before the gate closes.
Good resource on the Judiciary Hearing today
You have plenty of time.
I have multiple sandwich Ziploc bags around the house full at this point
Made of swiss cheese and part of the moon, of course!
"To be perfectly clear: There is nothing wrong with making money from software, FOSS or otherwise." Please read this, and hear what is being said. #OpenSource can be used for anything you dang well please, as long as the license allows it. Great article here.
And handled we did
Let's make it happen!
OH: When you're driving you're never first, there's always someone in front of you.
We take them when we can get them
Hiya! Yeah let's meet up! Any friend of is someone I want to meet! 🤘
Lol at McCormick
Yessss. Fantastic.
The worst...
I'm in Chicago and ready for #KubeCon this week! Who all is joining me, and who wants to talk about #DevRel and #Community while I'm here?
That’s fucking scary actually Gareth.
I guess I grouped that in with crypto/NFTs
Let's fucking go #KCChiefs #ChiefsKingdom
So, it's just gonna spit out fascist, racist, disinformation bullshit as "answers"? What a fucking shitshow.
What in the holy fuck? "real-time knowledge of the world via the 𝕏 platform"? So it's just gonna answer everything with Nazi propaganda, crypto shit, horrific disinformation, and essential oils?
Congrats and the rest of #RATM! Love this speech
Yep. There is no boxing up a "product" with DevRel. It's largely bespoke
OMG. Yes.
One of the talks I wish I could have seen at #DevRelCon, and look forward to the video!
So much this. NPS means nothing.
Video Content 101 (Ep 36) #devrel #community
RT “Metrics fixation leads to a diversion of resources away from frontline producers towards managers, administrators, and th…
RT I don't know who needs to hear this but "pomodoro" is short for "post-modern dorito"
So serious question here.. There is no law which states someone must stand, be quiet, sing along, etc. for the Anthem. Aren't you literally complaining about someone exercising their First Amendment right?
TFW you are directed by IT to install a Norton product on your Macbook
Get a dog.
Yes, you win.
Actually, no I am not. After your post I felt compelled to go get half price shakes from sonic for me and my kids. I blame you.
On a completely related note, I was banned from the Baptist church nursery because I thought everyone in the nursery was a willing participant in a rousing game of football that my uncle's had taught me. #winning
Laughing with a gif at your own joke. That's next level Em.
Ahh, good point. You're right.
Am I the only one thinking that looks a bit like Emily?
RT #UnitedStates: UN experts are gravely concerned about criminal charges brought against #ScottWarren, a U.S. citizen who w…
The most frustrating, rewarding things in life
RT This is something taught me years ago! #DevRelCon
Yep. When and where are you presenting this? I need to be there.
Just added two more
I mean I'm all about pop culture references for X thing..
Gross Pointe Blank could be interesting...
Why stop there? Each seat has elictrical leads in them, and anyone not following these simple, human rules gets zapped.
Don't miss part two and three
The next two are as good
Read all three of them... They're great!
Can't help themselves
This is fantastic reading, and something I have been aware of for awhile, but source material in a thread like this would be preferable
#FreedomOfSpeech - I don't think it means what he thinks it means.
Rookie mistake
Someone put their gate system on AWS Route 53?
Never cruel or cowardly. #DoctorWho
Oh that's also over here. In fact Brandon does this quite often. While wearing AirPods.
Third thread
Second thread
Read these threads. Seriously.
All three of the stories are phenomenal
RT Basics are not just for beginners, they are for everyone. #DevRelCon
RT . gives inspiring commencement speech at #BrownUniversity. "Before you do something special, just do something." htt…
I had 20min today... Flights have been crazy with a huge storm on the east coast. I was lucky to get rebooked to a flight this evening so I could be home tonight.
Utterly ridiculous and disgraceful
My 330p connection in ATL got cancelled and I just got on my rebooked flight to home.
RT ATPSM - milestones for a developer product startup. Initially focus on the last 3 in #devrel - This is Awarenes…
Keep looking... He's somewhere.
Agreed. The idiocy displayed in that clip is why I am closer to bald now than I was yesterday. I also have a flat forehead as well.
RT PREACH.🙌🙌🙌 talking about all the other _very_ valuable things we can do as #DevRel professionals beyond ge…
"influencer" and "professional asshole"
The best plan
I want an Aussie.
Thanks for quick and prompt call back and service.
Especially when there are other flights out of ATL today you could have rebooked me on
Hey , care to help me understand why my flight was cancelled and rescheduled for a day from now, and I can't adjust that in the app?
RT "If you work in an org with unlimited PTO that doesn't offer a guideline for minimum days off to take, it's a SCAM. Otherwise, y…
Brother or close relative for sure
Wait... What?
It always gives you perspective
Kid extends his arm. I think he initiated contact first.
Cats are the devil. Full stop.
RT Dear US Media - if you can spell things like: “Plays loosely with facts” "Demonstrable falsehoods" "Mendacity" "Repeated…
Happy Birthday
🎶 2500 bottles of tequila on the wall... 2500 bottles of tequila....
My Lyft driver is a SoCal mountain hippy and all that comes with it.
Last year's event had a continual one from an organizer throughout the day, during a session and then at multiple times throughout the day. Oddly enough the UK version did not.
RT “In your Developer Portal ...you’ve got many moonwalking bears and you just need to ...help them moonwalk.” ~ You…
Yessssssss!
RT Everyone at #devrelcon should know that Grammarly is sadly not compliant with most privacy policies. All content is sent to remo…
If only there was some provision in the writings of (and subsequent amendments to) the Founding Fathers for dealing with profound ineptitude and lunacy.
RT Why reinvent the wheel? With GitHub repository templates you can easily reuse code across all your projects.
RT The lovely reminding us of a common theme amongst new #DevRel teams, strategy is key. You don't need to be t…
RT As an IC, not only did work with her team on analyzing intitatives and creating strategy; she documented her p…
RT Our #DevRel team had a great time chatting with everyone at #DevRelCon yesterday! Come find us today for some fu…
Good morning Matty!
RT The sales and marketing funnel: 🤑 Only cares about "leads" 📝 Offers limited vocabulary to talk about relationships 🎒…
Totally this. In fact if you _didn't_ make the noises I would be judging you.
I miss you all!
RT Introducing GitHub Desktop 2.0, now with rebasing and stashing (two of our most requested features) 🎉 Collaborate with ease a…
Parenting win.
RT Hypothesis: When looking at community ROI, based on findings, be able to review your initial purpose around the 6 year m…
RT This week I caught up with Emily Freeman Senior Cloud Advocate at Microsoft on "Screaming in the Cloud" Episod…
It was a fantastic karaoke night. I know you will represent for me at #DevRelCon
It's a bot account... Has the Liberian flag on their profile instead of the US flag...
The highest one I've seen so far.
Great write up by on using Solace for working with webhooks
If I can't be at #devrelcon for #karaoke I might as well get involved here at the #solacestrategyweek.
RT Engagement on as measured here by "Reactions" (❤️ etc.), has more than doubled since February. I…
Great thread
RT It’s heart-warming how many people are noting celebration of working nights’n’weekends and refusing to applaud extract…
We probably get a lot more out of it
Same goes for #devrel and #cmgr roles...
#hashtagalltehthings
#hopoutofcaratnearestintersection #getnewlyft
Love the #OnePlus7Pro
RT Turn your data into beautiful visualizations and dashboards using #Kibana. Read our 101 guide to learn how.
I'm trying to figure out if my work will notice I'm no longer at our off-site in San Diego...
RT Hey friends in #SF! I have an extra ticket to tomorrow and Friday. HMU if you or someone you know is intereste…
So I didn't watch, nor really care about, WWDC... Is the monitor stand really $1k?
Solace #StrategyWeek #USSMidway
Seems on brand to shut down an app people use... should start open sourcing these apps they shut down with a proper license so that the community can continue to use and grow them. "Google is preparing to shut down the Trips app"
RT 🎉🎉🎉The 10th Annual State of Community Management is here!🎉🎉🎉 Download your copy now:
Looks suspiciously like lemonade...
I hate delayed gratification... Ordered DevOps For Dummies back on Mar 15... And I have to wait until July 30... If you order as well you can wait with me!
This place is nice
RT Let's be honest, we all make mistakes. We all make bad decisions. It sounds cliched, but converting these screw-ups into pos…
I will confess that I started laughing when I saw "Great Satan" and then realized you were actually mentioned.
Connoisseur
RT Have you seen the exciting program of #devopsdayssthlm on Sept 17-18? Check it out and remember to get your Early Bird…
RT I'm not underrepresented anymore. Y'all are over-represented. Not going to use a negative to describe my existence. I'm Bryan,…
Not yet but now you have my interest piqued. Pray tell where I shall find said ghosts
RT Two scientists walk into a bar. The first says, “I’ll have H2O.” The second says, “I’ll have H2O too.” Now there's only o…
I thought... "Bleh!" Then I watched the trailer. Going to be good!
Good morning! #SolaceStrategyWeek kicking off with #Geekfest. A bit overcast, but it's time to make the chimichangas.
Completely accurate. When I was at Sprint, it was desks... I had 4 mission critical desktops operating as Linux servers under my desk because IT wanted insane budget to build apps for our group that I built (I dare say better) for the cost of my salary. They might still be there.
It would never die.
Agreed, rivaled only by what a beagle can do in the same bed
Great view to kickoff #SolaceStrategyWeek
Maybe what CoS left unsaid, but was implied, was "...for a petulant, whiney, baby who has the emotional intelligence of a piece of sand, and the mental stability of the Joker." Just putting it out there because that would be the truth, but not what he said.
I translated. 😛
Thanks - enjoy #devrelcon without me. Keep my FOMO alive with pics and live tweeting, ok? 🤩
Heading to #SanDiego for my first company Strategy Week off-site with Looking forward to connecting with my coworkers and meeting a lot of new people!
RT “The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command.” — Orwell, 1…
2.
Might have to figure this one out
Wherever one might find the need to
And if that fails, spilling on them generally works.
I love a good Bassist in charge, or a female Democrat.
They're all around us. Disguised as hipsters.
Especially since you can make it with a slice missing. Brilliant skill! Looks delicious. Will be right over.
Update: I've doubled that this week. I'm an overachiever.
The most logical explanation.
You didn't say it was a "Pizza dress with cat and taco". Still... It has a cat. I vote no. 🧐
There's a place here in KC (d'Bronx) that sells a pizza like that. When I worked at Hallmark Corporate we would occasionally get one for the team, and you could specify like 4 or 5 different pizza topping combinations. It was awesome!
Put the espresso down.
Meh... Without seeing it, no. Because cat. Also, pizza.
What is it?
Order a pizza. Don't order a cat.
I didn't. That would have been a good thing. However, the chances of someone screwing it up in future years would cheapen the accomplishment.
It was exhilarating to know that there were three other drivers on the road at the same time, at the same intersection, who knew how to do a four-way stop. I feel like the space-time Continuum was affected for the better.
I just participated in a successful four-way, four vehicle stop. AMA.
Happy Saturday to all my trippy friends
Yeah... Gotta say her analysis is spot on. Clippy was ridiculous back in 1997. It still is.
Better for me than to fly from San Diego to Atlanta to Kansas City next Saturday... When 2 good Delta hubs are available in MSP and SLC that are literally on the way...
Nice!
Interesting... Didn't even know they had their own
RT Can't believe I have to say this but STOP SHOOTING INNOCENT PEOPLE BECAUSE YOU'RE MAD AT THE WORLD. Hell's bells.
If you're going to #DevRelCon SF next week (sadly I already have FOMO since I won't be there) make sure to meet Yashraj! Great guy passionate about developers and communities.
Fantastic thing happening here... The problem is #McConnell will kill it like he kills everything else that's been passed by the House.
NSA_CIA-JointTaskForce My mobile phone hotspot.
"What the hell" and "What the devil"
"Was zu Hölle" or "Was zum Teufel" 🤪
A great list of speakers! Can't wait!
I'm so in for this!
So sick and tired of these dude bros... I can't even...
Yeah that's a troll thread and idiotic, and I have (so far) refrained from replying. I want to see all the GIFs, and when they're perfectly timed and relevant, it's gold! Also... "overpaid industry?" STFU and GTFO
RT Excited to launch my new podcast, 'Conversations With Bacon', where I bring on guests from business, tech, and beyond to und…
Cookies and Cream Pop Tarts are the best. Seriously. Don't at me.
RT . and take a look at what Attorney General William Barr has said about whether Special Counsel Bob…
If I had only known you liked noogies!
I had this on a regional flight from Munich to Cluj-Napoca. They were quite insistent that I remove my headphones and told me it was so that they could guarantee I heard the same safety spiel that I've heard for 42 years.
Same. Here's to living dangerously.
I've had the same comment as well. Don't they know that liquid evaporates quicker in an airplane and so we have to drink more in order to stay hydrated? Also, you seem to be tempting fate with how close you have your drinks to your laptop.
I don't know who needs to see this, but I'm sure you are going through it but it is not the best way for me to do that.
You do realize that "assembly* does not mean the parts are made in the USA, right? It _literally_ means the parts are gathered together and the car is put together with those parts.
Yeah pretty hilarious. I then showed a friend who said the comment I reshared with. Makes me chuckle each time.
OH: "&lt;snort&gt; So... they're asshole wipes?"
So there's that...
RT DevRel/Community Management 101
Hopefully this is a watershed moment for the GOP
RT I like how shares their recipe for a remote first culture and talks about how every contributor (GitLab employee o…
Amash again dropping truth bombs that the GOP wants to ignore.
Not to mention said "person" was never in court... But, you know, facts.
RT Even if you don't sell to developers, it's important to weave developer-centric stories and hooks into your brand. Why?…
#WebEx: (noun) a tool that businesses, for some unknown reason, continue to use even when everyone could name (at least) one issue they have always had which has never been resolved, especially when there are other better, and cheaper, tools available.
I remember when Fox News came out and it was heralded by the subculture I grew up in as the "saviour* for conservative thought and politics and would be fair and accurate. That ship sailed long ago, and maybe was the real #FakeNews from the beginning.
Some good, light reading to go along with the #MuellerReport
BRILLIANT!!!
Man, you've really let yourself go
Nice timeline cleanser
VAR has been utter shit this year in the PL. "Subjective offside decision" is the ruling? WTF is that?If it's subjective then it's not clear and obvious, so what's on the field should stand. And took 3.5 minutes to come to that? Sod off. #FULMUN
Oh, that sounds perfect
Well hold on... What flavor was the CapriSun?
RT Kale: blanch until soft. Nail to a 1/4” piece of plywood. Add olive oil, salt, and pepper. Bake for 15-20…
Absolutely. Even with getting laid off back in August and still looking, I'm passing jobs to people. We all gotta fuckin help each other.
I mean, stress balls are great for throwing at people as they walk by the booth. Mostly at my Dev Advocate friends, but still.
Sushi-train sounds amazing and terrible. I'm down.
Hey, so I would ping the speakers on the slides, but the videos will be going up in the near future and should be posted or notifications coming from the official Twitter account
Wow... seems this was right on point there Okta
This is the correct response.
Taylor thought he had
No one does.
Ugh... FINAL SEASON? Definitely will be watching on Hulu Dec 26.
RT Building, growing and nurturing a tech community is not the same as... Building, growing and nurturing end-users
Just now seeing this! Amazing! Congrats Rachel! 🎉👏
yeah, it really was
RT Both DevRel &amp; Marketing do stuff like blogs, but marketing folks strive for reach, while DevRel wants to engage in conver…
Periscope it for me will ya? 🤩😍🤪
RT Today is 10 years old! 😱 🎂🥳🎉🎈 Happy birthday to our favorite runtime 💚 special thanks to all it's contributors,…
Darth has some snark
Meet Brandon West #devrel
RT Developer tips: 🎧 Invest in quality headphones 💻 Re-read code before opening a PR 🤜🏻 Ask for help when truly stuck 🙌🏻 Hel…
This guy's not messing around at this coffee shop. Brought in his own external monitor and plopped down on a big table to work.
Ahh... Breve all the things...
RT What is a developer advocate / tech evangelist? #devrel #devx #advocate. credit
¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯ I got nothing. On the other hand, you used a comma correctly. So, things are looking up!
Just test in production
If the fruit takes up a tenth of the size of the slice of cake then yes it overrides the cake and becomes fruit. #science
Yup. Full FOMO.
What role is this?
Happening now... We are safe, and it will head north of us and bypass us #tornadoShenanigans
So this is happening now... About 30min away. #tornadoShenanigans
RT We're giving #developers a guide to #messaging with Solace PubSub+. Best part? It's 🆓! Learn the fundamentals of Solace…
RT Categories of value that members can get from participating in a community: 💪 Support 🧠 Learning ❤️ Purpose 🤝 Relationshi…
RT A 9 member KKK rally was counter-protested by 500+ residents in this city
RT What is is a compassionate, supportive community of tech people trying…
If you're following along with my dental "fun" today, here are a few photos, with the last one courtesy of
But YAML?
Emily.
RT
Yeah I found that Berlin is that weird place in Europe where they prefer debit cards over credit cards.
Who has two thumbs and gets to have two crowns done at the dentist today? Yeah. Me. Nice knowing you all.
RT Alright, I said it, I did it! Happy to chat with anyone within a company that cares about its developer community and…
Meet Jamie Cantrell #devrel
The has done this to themselves. Hampton said it himself, "I want to let other players know that there are other options out there." Hampton skips college for New Zealand pro ball via
Problem here is the question is missing an important "just", i.e. "just 6 donuts". And why can't it be both/and? Why do we have to choose? The question is flawed I tell you.
So sorry Swarna for you and your family! 😢 Thoughts and prayers are with you all!
I believe i had this once when overseas, and I did the Reset SMC steps on the laptop and it started charging correctly. YMMV
They tasted great! Figuring out the egg boiling time and correct sausage/egg mixture consistency will require many more attempts. 🤩🤪
Something about an ounce of prevention....
Talk about tone deaf... America voted for a woman.
That little Bugs will outsmart him
Some great thoughts and points from Emily here on building inclusive workplaces and communities
The eggs were a bit overcooked... But tasted awesome.
About to taste them
RT We are already putting together the schedule! Get your CFPs in before it closes for the Seattle API Conference!
First attempted Scotch Eggs
Yeah, there are good ones out there at the executive level
Agreed. And I bet the founders of some of these non-profits make good salaries.
Who's going to join me at #kcdc2019?
RT He sided with an evil dictator over his fellow American. In a tweet. While overseas. No one can defend this tweet. No R…
RT “Having a manager who not only understands the value of developer relations but can articulate that is key. Otherwise…
Power couple right there!
Well played. Happy Birthday!
Healthy start...
RT On Memorial Day, we remember all those who gave everything for something greater than themselves. It's up to us to not sim…
RT I live in hope that at some point we won't need to spend quite so much of our time explaining what Developer Relations is.…
This. If it were me I would want to know.
Makes me reconsider my life choices
RT Since I’ve got a few minutes here in the airport I thought I’d write up this little experiment I’ve been doing over my last…
RT Jesus was not a white, American man. The U.S. flag is not a symbol for the Church or for Christ. The National Anthem is…
A bunch of board members celebrating the awesomeness that is Emily and her analogies of course
Those Grand Nationals were amazing! Legit speed and performance.
Heartfelt congratulations brother! So proud of you!
It's suburbia, so maybe hopes and dreams? 😝😜🤪
You can now envision them breaking into song and dance when they come to agreement.
It's waiting for you
Well, the vultures have moved into the neighborhood
Wut? Seems someone is getting a little pardon-happy
For some reason Manny feels he needs to destroy his sheep toy on my lap
As has been mentioned, SQL I use "sequel", with mySQL I spell it out
I think I know this guy...
I've been in said rooms and facilities, and it's long been known they, and other Chinese OEMs, have stolen IP.
RT Dear church people, if you're not being like these church people then you're doing it wrong. Be more like this. Pretty…
And don't miss KC. BBQ and Blues/Jazz that are out of this world.
RT How can developers help #DevRel? #GlueCon
T-shirts, stickers, and a conference talk of course!
This.
Yes!
Everyone needs a punk rock music education.
"You left the bed. It's mine by law now."
"Not a fan of these WiFi AP antennas you attached to me..."
This is why he pushes so hard for something that common sense says is not viable - he either has to reward those who supported him, or have something on him, or make money for him and his family.
This is why I wasn't very good at Maths. We didn't use donuts.
RT Why can’t engineering and product teams collect their own feedback? DevRel’s primary focus is focused around the communit…
RT Authenticity breeds authenticity. DevRel goals are based around the community and gathering your feedback to make your…
You got this!
What is this sorcery...?
Maybe can help out? I hear they have some nice digs!
No Mobile Passport option?
GitHub again knocking it out of the park with new features and support for open source.
Jayhawks' De Sousa wins appeal, eligible to play #kubball #rcjh
Anything from Eve 6's self-titled 1998 album, perfect for road trips.
Walk the Moon's "Shut Up and Dance"
The #WriteTheDocs team did a great job of uploading the sessions vidoes (same day) as well as compiling a playlist in the order of the sessions!
I thought the glasses said that... My apologies for the assumption. 😜
Meet Ben Greenberg #devrel
The Baby Boomers love to whinge. They are the spoiled generation.
I could be into it as well.
In case you all weren't aware, this is actual footage of as a kid being told she would be a keynote speaker and published author.
She was supposed to furnish you with earmuffs Ember. Don't worry about it and ask later.
I think you should be allowed to Ember. I'll buy the hair dye and we'll make a night of it!
Nobody does Twitter moments at conferences like A great collection from her closing keynote at #gluecon
RT To developers, we talk about you a lot. But because we care. #DevRel #GlueCon
With a side of biscuits and gravy
More and more need to speak up. Article:
I for one am not surprised at all! This is awesome!
AHH yeah same here
Been awhile... I would hope it's still marginally better than ORD
Especially ORD... That is its own level of hell
Oh so sorry to hear this! 😢
RT Very excited to open up the opportunity scholarship for this year! If you or someone you know is interested…
The motorised selfie camera on the #OnePlus7Pro is pretty darn good
Really wish I could make it this year, but I'll be there in London!
Wow! Amash is on a role with another thread laying down Truth and the Rule of Law
I envision you doing this each time you order food.
Oh. Well. Still.
You be you.
You've been having some issues with food recently. Are you okay?
RT This step by step tutorial walks through how to create a web API with Postman, and by building to-do…
RT I've spent a good part of my career with tons of data and worrying about KPIs and OKRs. Learn how to make sense of the nu…
Good. Protect the food first. Equipment can be replaced, food cannot.
RT This morning as part of the Sponsors launch, we announced that 4,000 packages already have income available via
Usually a machine drops down, grabs the ones not knocked down, pulls them up, then sweeps away the knocked down pins.
Farley was on during my Middle to High School years, and I remember watching SNL at every opportunity, sneaking viewing time on Saturday nights, or staying at friend's. It was always about what Chris was going to do next and he never disappointed. No one like him since. Miss him.
Just finally getting around to watching the tribute to #ChrisFarley on #SNL... I am crying.
Was the donut ok though?
RT I'm thinking about opening up monthly no-charge office hours where I spend an afternoon available to dev companies lar…
Relatively simplified, but yeah. That'll do. 🤪
RT House Democrat trolls Trump by "fixing" his infographic on Mueller probe
Good thread on what Barr has shown he thinks about the Constitution and Democracy, with a bonus section on the Senate
Amash is going all out and is 100% spot on with this great thread.
Same.
Jira... For when you need something to jeer-at
I'm surprised you have to ask this question
Had a great time at #writethedocs , met some great "documentarians", and I look forward to next year!
RT for reach
Netlify is solid, and is an awesome add-on
I think you answered your own question
Bartender at Airport: "You want any breakfast?" Me: "Nah I'm ok, I'm not that hungry." Just the Baltic Porter." BT: "We have a hamburger patty on a bed of hash browns with 2 biscuits on top smothered in sausage gravy." Me: "Yes, please!"
It was oddly trippy in its own right
This was at in Portland
Snow is to blame for all of life's issues. And decaf. But also snow.
RT Be genuine. Be authentic. Be transparent. Be kind. To yourself first. And to others next.
And?
Exactly. Having a few drinks doesn't help either.
Because... the law.
Wierdest bowling alley ever.
Yes, and for certain pigments.
Yes, yes he is.
Here's the video from #writethedocs of the talk gave on Day 1
RT Great post from on the less sexy parts of a senior community position like: - Costing/budgets - Research -…
Going with the status quo, "Lock her up!"
Looking forward to DevRelCon San Francisco 2019 #devrel
Yeah, he's high on that list of Most Unqualified To Be Part of This Administration. Up near Trump himself in fact.
RT Continuing our commitment to multicloud DevOps - Learn more about GitLab deployed into multiple clouds from kubectl using
Take it from a coffee snob... Visit this place, and only this place, in Seattle: Storyville Coffee Pike Place 94 Pike Street, Top, floor Suite 34, Seattle, WA 98101 (206) 780-5777
Got this riveting #Kubernetes comic book to explain K8s along with helpful stickers to supplement it here at #writethedocs
RT . made a great point about white supremacist violence and the label of terrorism
Great talk by on Day 1 of #writethedocs - "Any friend of the docs is a friend of mine: Cultivating a community of documentation advocates"
I saw this once when I mistakenly had to only stream over WiFi checked. The only ones playing were in the cache because I had played them recently.
Agreed. Need to watch it again.
This is not a joke - it's bullsh!t. The has lost their dang minds.
WTF? You missed April 1 by a mile.
You'll be fine. You got this. We got you!
RT Conferences, Inclusion, and Money
Meet Anthony Roux #devrel
My childhood, revived. #GroundKontrol #Portland
This is not OK.
Subscribing. I look through occasionally
This is insane... For a criminal who was told by a judge to go back to law school... These guys...
Yay! Next step is becoming a FullStack Dev... 🤪😜😂
RT BREAKING:
One of the hardest lessons, and principles, to learn as a remote worker (and company) but so, so important.
Just use the account....
YES! This is awesome!
Thread
So to be honest, I was fine with the final episode. Yes it was tame, given what the previous episodes leading up to it had been, but I felt it had finality. I also didn't expect a whole lot either.
Finally a Republican Congressman who will stand up for the Constitution and the Rule of Law. This whole thread took cajones that seemingly no one else in his Party has and I respect him for it.
Satan's Coffee Corner -
I love the BCN Gothic Quarter. Don't forget that coffee shop I told you about.
It's not you. It's Swype. Had the exact same thing when I used to use it, and had one of their support people at MWC a few years ago tell me that wiping the app data and starting fresh was the only way.
It is at that. Better than saying it was "marmitey" 🤮
He knew his role.
I ended up needing to miss it, sadly. I always enjoy hearing the buttery warm tones of Jono's voice.
Fucking hell. Homer, anything I can help with let me know. Any connections I have, they're yours.
Will be an exciting week!
Maybe the bars should offer Halloween candy?
We “got” you Kelly
Have had mine in “Eco” mode for awhile where it heats if the house gets below 64 and cools if it gets above 76, but it’s been heating for the last week here since we’ve been in the low 40s and mid 30s during the day.
Terrible waste of coffee Taylor. If it goes up your nose instead, then you’re actually consuming some of it, thus getting the benefits of the coffee.
RT Navigating "corporate speak" isn't easy. Here's a helpful guide I put together: "Let me check with my team" = No "Poss…
RT Happy Halloween, friends!👻 The CFP is now open and waiting for you 🙃 Deadline is 12 January 2024, don't wait!
My almost 16yo son went trick or treating, with his laundry basket, and brought back 15 pounds of loot. #ParentTaxFTW
I'm currently reading one of the most interesting and hilarious books I've read in awhile, "Starter Villain" by I highly recommend this book, along with all of his others. Simply fantastic and an amazing page turner, all of them.
Yessss
I could watch this over and over, and still get emotional! #ROCKCHALK
Rock. Chalk. JAYHAWK. GO !!
Oh shit.... How do you make a costume that's all bad UI/UX?
RT Scoop: X, formerly Twitter, is now valued at $19 billion, based on the firm's employee equity compensation plan. The privat…
Got it.
And if they're in Vegas, they can afford to pay _something_.
Will disagree. Paying all _something_ will encourage new speakers. There are a lot of conferences which don't pay anything and they still have speakers. Great ones in fact.
To Sen ... You have the power of oversight. You don't need the President's cooperation. We are so far past letters to this administration meaning anything. The time for your voice is now.
Then don't pay any. The point here, and I feel the thread is valid, is that wanting first time speakers there, but requiring them to pay when others don't, discourages many new voices we need in tech. And my comment remains: conferences do better.
No reason to not pay a speaker.
Conference organizers, be better.
At #writethedocs is talking about editing other people's content and the need to be on the customer's side. An important think to keep in mind. Also, this quote helps to check our motivations...
My app uses the CC on my account....
Say what you want, I love Keanu Reeves.
Or Though my recent performance in Seattle might also include me.
There's a solid Grateful Dead cover band playing in the basement of my hotel. #Portland
Shhh haven't seen it yet. Give me a few hours
But. Blockchain.
This wouldn't be strictly a Google decision, since they're bound by US law. A ban by the Government covers exports of software and business dealings.
Now this is an idea I can endorse, and has the added benefit of making airline coffee drinkable.
RT Again... Gallagher was turned in by his own platoon. He is a murderer, a war criminal, and does not deserve to be among…
OH at #writethedocspdx: "I've eaten a lot of roadkill moose in my life, and I'm still here, so I guess it's ok."
You must take care of you. First and foremost. You have a voice, and it matters, and there are those of us who have your back.
Good thing there's the clear partition... Wouldn't want the splashes to mix.
Let's do this! #WriteTheDocs #WriteTheDocsPDX
So I can stop being anxious about your new project release?
Waiting for your next project....
Two of the best words ever created... "Taco" and "Bar"
Quite often. I work hard to stay engaged while traveling, sending texts and calling when I can, and when home making the most of the time with each one (wife and kids).
I always thought a group of pugs was a "snort"? And according to it's a "Wiggle" for a group of Corgis.
Ready for #writethedocs to officially start tomorrow with the Writing Day! If anyone is around today/tonight and want to meet up let me know!
Congrats to the crew!
RT When a mass shooting is committed by a Muslim, the crime is almost automatically labeled as Domestic Terrorism. But when White Su…
Thank you for this thread. It took cajones to stand up to your Party and stand behind the Constitution and the Rule of Law and I respect you. May others in your Party do the same.
RT Why can't House Democrats see that impeaching Trump, whether or not it leads to his conviction and removal in the Senate,…
Agreed. "Something in the Way" also is in my top songs they did. So haunting and powerful and revealing at the same time.
I did not just turn around and walk into a wall in my hotel room under my own power. I know you all were wondering. Wonder no more.
100% would watch.
The struggle is real... All the time.
RT If you’re LGBTQ+ and going to be in Berlin from May 23 to June 7, let me know if you want one of these Pride sticke…
On my way
Addressing felt needs is always more effective in being Christ-like and earning the right to speak into someone's life than dictating morality to the world.
Imagine if vasectomies were illegal, or imagine if men could get pregnant! These old white men who want to dictate to women would blow a top if they were dictated to. And I agree, addressing why people have abortions ALWAYS lowers the abortion rate and is more effective.
Looks like you have an infestation problem.
Yep! He grew up on Evergreen Terrace (Simpson's home street).
On one of my recent trips to Portland, I learned through a brewery bike tour that the creator of The Simpsons, Matt Groening, was from here and named his characters after places in Portland. So I present to you the Ned's origins.
RT I get that as a white guy, you’re tired of being singled out because of the body you’re in. It sucks. What I need you t…
One of my struggles is that I have all sorts of ideas for talks but don't have the time at the moment to work on them so I create them into abstracts that I can give &amp; then wait for it be accepted &amp; then I'll work on it. Probably not a great way, but at the moment it's all I have
Ahh, Portland. 🍩, Cold Brew ☕, and #McMenamins 🏨. A great start to #WriteTheDocsPDX!
RT The Treasury Secretary has refused to turn over Trump’s tax returns on the advice of — Bill Barr. Or to put it anoth…
I use my Logitech c920 and it works great
That is the manliest of moustaches, and I would love to see Brandon rock that again.
RT Want to understand the difference between how topics are implemented in Solace vs. Take a look at this high…
Rare... But some.
TIL: Most cow methane comes from them belching, not farting. Thanks Jokes aside, great bit from on the #GreenNewDeal
Woah... Might have to start calling you "Buffy!" You're going to do great!
RT Right in the jellies. #DetectivePikachu
RT Time is running short! Submit your CFPs to the Seattle API City Conference! I’d love to see yall there! #APICity2019
RT How to approach external dev communities like Stack Overflow and Reddit? Read my post on blog! Tips from
RT Never forget, Trump fired Flynn for lying 2 weeks after Trump fired Sally Yates for telling the truth.
RT A deep look at the options for CMS these days ~&gt; Create flexible web content with a headless management system
Been sitting at the gate waiting for an hour as they work on fixing the flight deck door. Flight attendants and the Captain have done a great job keeping us updated, and I was auto-rebooked as I'll miss my connection to PDX. I love Delta.
Ratio still applies then. 2:1 gold to clear tequila is acceptable.
A tour of developer relations tools #devrel
2:1 wine to water ratio seems about right
Ken.
It'll be late next week until I know
I know I have a 5x but might also have the 5
I have a nexus 5 I believe in fantastic shape sitting in a drawer. I'll take a look
They've never learned the lessons of Marvel: have consistent writers, plan out the future, lock in actors for the characters (so fans get locked in), etc. I'm oversimplifying, but those are some of the core reasons Marvel rules and DC drools.
RT ✨ The first Stoplight Community Chat is happening tomorrow at 9am CDT/2pm UTC ✨ The question will be about how your team…
Chicago is technically the Midwest, but I'm a bit partial to Kansas being the _real_ Midwest
RT Querying 10 years of GitHub data with GHTorrent and via by
RT Intro to Dev Rel Panel starting now!
RT Very cool panel on Developer Relations (Evangelists, Advocates, Ambassadors) hosted by for
It fits with all the other absurdities of this season
Ahh so gold is an inhibitor? Interesting idea.
Oh that's the worst
She would be the queen of the white walkers and Jamie reborn as the king
Me thinks Cruz has recently watched the horrible 80s movie "Space Pirates" and feels the need to protect us from the Space Herpes. ಠᴥಠ
Terrible B-Movie from 1980s.. "Space Pirates"... I think he just watched it and thought it was a documentary
RT We're teaming up with leading #IoT #technology providers to make the delivery of high-value IoT solutions possible. Read…
RT Note to conference organizers: if you're paying your speakers, you had best make it EQUAL across the board. C'mon now, we…
Ignored.
Fun story... At this conference I met a WebEx system engineer. He was genuinely surprised that people experience issues with WebEx, and became shocked that it's always been that way. Couldn't believe that their service was bad compared to others. Said he'd never heard of issues.
RT Community Mgrs, I'm doing some research for an upcoming conference talk. Working title is 'How to hack the most common de…
RT This is what a true community looks like: - lift you up when you're down - mentor, encourage, and push you - don't let you…
Say no to #Medium and yes to hosting your own blog (owning your content) and cross-posting to
RT Fight for visibility as much as resources. Visibility has huge impact. WellsFargo buried their community behind a tab…
RT If you listened to our last episode, you know how passionate and were about the conversation with
Mine has been delivered I believe, and I am not home to get it...
I forget how short he is...
Who here is old enough to remember in #TwoGuysAGirlAndAPizzaPlace? That show was bloody genius.
For your education...
Go back to starting sh!t on the Twitter's...
Tierney.
Are you too young to remember Fire Marshall Bill (Jim Carrey) on "In Living Color?"
Congrats to as I just saw someone in the front row of the Portland/Golden State game wearing one of their shirts. I don't have one mind you, but that guy does.
RT Join us and our friends at for "The Hybrid Journey: Accelerating the Agile #IT Architecture Transition". Registe…
RT Bingo. Medium is not a blog. Luminary is not a podcast. Own your words. Own your domain. Open standards.
This is the best truth
Upvoted! Looks awesome!
Intro to DevRel &amp; DX through advanced topic discussions at DevRelCon SF 2019! #devrel
RT The super awesome says 'Coach don't rescue' - it can be the difference between a reactive &amp; innovative enginee…
RT Not the season we wanted. Now's not the time to say more. Time to go away, take stock and come back fresh for pre-season. Ne…
After Pulse: Under the Influencers #devrel #community
RT Are you at #KafkaSummit London? 🇬🇧 Come by booth #9 and ask us how Solace makes it easier to connect your
RT I’m feeling curious… #DevRel folks - what do you wish developers knew about your job? Developers - what do you wish you…
RT Line. Sand. Drawn.
Someone please watch and count the Long Island Iced Tea's! Not to limit him, mind you, but to see if he reaches our total from last year!
I think you must win something then.
Great time at #MSBuild, and this was one of the highlights, seeing everyone's journey.
The irony of you using a gif from a political parody show is not lost... Muting the ridiculousness.
My Uber driver's name is "Shiraz" and now I want a glass of wine. AMA.
Well all it needs is the words "Always test in production. Next!" How long could it be?
RT . has put into words what’s been on my mind for months. Building communities is not new. It’s been around for centu…
Is that similar to General Grevious?
RT 📢 This is a call to all #CLS and enthusiasts! As many of you know, CLS is taking this year off. That's why some CLS…
Maybe it's a hidden message?
This is something I am working really hard to change in the words I use. Join me on the journey!
There was a conversation recently in the Slack about this, with and someone else chiming in...
RT NYC #DevRel ppl: I'll be in NYC the week of 6/3 &amp; would love to chat w/your team! Schedule a time to talk about community,…
RT Dear conference proposal authors: “Make X Great Again” isn’t a funny talk title. It isn’t ironic. It isn’t delightfully…
This is a fantastic interview question. Please, hiring managers, ask it.
You do realise that the dossier first started by the GOP? Do you need to go back and read sworn testimony from the head of Fusion GPS about the he origins of the dossier? I have no time for people who won't read or listen to anything other than Infowars, FoxNews, etc. Done.
I chose "Delicious" but really the answer is "the quickest way to get to the brie" but you didn't have an "other"
Socks that I give to my kids, hoodies, usable things like multi-connection cords, etc.
Weren't you just there? 🤪 Enjoy!
Enjoy! It's a blast!
RT Happy #XMenDay. Since the moment I first put on the suit, it’s been the greatest gig of my life. Even “Practice Deadpo…
RT Role of a lifetime. #XMenDay
RT Yolo Deploy or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Trust my Test Suite
RT So much respect for a man that gave everything for #MUFC 🤗
RT ♥️ Thank you,
By quoting from the Mueller report, you actually made the point that made. Reading comprehension hat on here: "did not... conspire[d] or coordinate[d] with the Russian government in its election interference activities." Doesn't mean they didn't do anything wrong.
Dark Knight was DC only in the rights they retained. Otherwise that series was all Christopher Nolan.
Narrator: It's not sandalwood
Having seen the trailer... Seems about right 🤣🤪
Watching this classic with the family tonight!
Sure you might view her thread as Bane... But she's literally only talking about a small % of people who have profited off of everyone else for decades or more and never paid a fair share. I personally don't have a problem with that, but I understand if others do.
This tax rate hasn't been above 39% for the top wage bracket since 1988. Prior to that we had ~70% for the top wage bracket. I don't believe either of us ever came close to the affected wage bracket.
We had this same tax rate before, and we had huge economic and industry growth. This does not stifle innovation.
RT Thus making the world a better, funnier place.
Win.
Oldest: "That person got the smart genes!" Me: "I guess that's better than the Guess jeans!" I'm funny. Don't @ me.
RT But wait, there's more: Here's the playlist for all of the Android sessions at Google I/O 2019. This should be enough to kee…
This thread has a great 3 step process for felines.
Oh? Did another "coffee" machine materialize?
Goes to show you that even "hackers" use CSS/HTML
RT What do you wish you knew about Developer Relations? Ask any questions you have about DevRel in the DEV discussion th…
Fun fact, they say that mobile phone use on the toilet has contributed to more hemorrhoids
I too have some of my best ideas while in the shower, I just forget to share them. Plus I don't have a waterproof phone. But that's another subject.
RT A goodbye message from 🔴 #MUFC
I echo what David said. You bring such clarity and light and truth. Don't ever change.
RT I don't trust anyone who doesn't use the Oxford Comma.
Mind. Blown.
RT We are investing in the GitHub mobile experience, and today we're launching a responsive view for issue creation. Much mor…
RT Your code. Your packages. One login. Meet GitHub Package Registry 🎁 Publish public or private packages next to your source co…
Spot on. Have experienced both.
This is how you talk about your failures, with honesty and openness.
Yay! Great job! Can't wait to read it and learn!
RT Hey folks! Slides from my talk “Fight, Flight, or Freeze - Releasing Organizational Trauma” are online n…
Yeah... Still remember that episode.
The rawest, most real scene of a sitcom in the 90s - maybe since.
That's a lot of 6's at the end, which by inference means WebEx is the tool of the Antichrist.
I really want to know... Halloween isn't far off
She doesn't seem so bad... You should make friends!
Seems legit
Well, the smell in the refrigerator from the shelves could distract you from the review so therefore that should start first to remove all distractions.
It wasn't... 😆😀
It is garbage and always was even back when it came out. Everyone knows this, and yet companies keep using it even though solutions like Zoom are cheaper and way better. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Well, I feel justified now. Tabs, ride or die.
RT I wish Developers knew how much we appreciate their patience and support, and that they knew how much we talk about them an…
More and more people need to hear this.
Well... Generally speaking if there is flappy skin from the cut, and if pressure doesn't cut the blood after a few minutes, your friend should probably get it looked at. You can always call Ask-A-Nurse as well. I mean your friend can.
Saw the same in the Kenyan villages... Men are predominantly weak across cultures, pushing their "masculinity" as reasons they can lord over women and make them do the hard work. Privilege is taught and passed down. It needs to stop with this generation.
AHH right
RT Are you an #IoT #Developer? Release 9.1 of the #solacedotcom #pubsubplus #eventbroker adds #MQTT #Retain functionality! MQT…
I've had it on international flights in first but not domestic
Back then you could even select the fish!
I too remember that, and cry a little inside with you
He's such a fucking idiot
You're an idiot
RT Nóva's sudden passing has left her fiancée with living expenses she cannot manage alone, and probate will take months.…
Same. Let's do this!
RT Speaker Mike Johnson has gone to great lengths to scrub his social media. So here with his "Teacher/Wife" Kelly is the se…
Thank you Charles. 🙌
RT 'I Wouldn't Have Gone Along With The Nazis In 1939,' Says College Student At 'Kill The Jews' Rally
Dude. This means a lot. Thanks for the kind words and endorsement Jay 🙏🏻
So it turns out that I will be at #Kubecon. If you or your company are hiring for #DevRel or #Community, and looking for someone with a proven track record of bringing strategy, value, and impact (at the org- and community-level) to your product, let's chat.
RT We must call out ALL antisemitism. In recent weeks, Jewish students on college campuses have been threatened, intimidated,…
Yep! As soon as they post them I'll reshare it
So it helps if I mark it "Published"....
Wow, this is really good and really resonates with what I've seen over the years.
100%. The whole situation is bad, but this whole "can't blame their DevRel" is nonsense.
Yeah, with as much booth duty that I've done I use hydration packets added to a bottle of water (once in the AM, one at midday, and one before bed) and I've noticed a huge difference. I personally prefer LMNT since they have low calories
It doesn't hurt. Staying hydrated is huge as well.
I always try to list the important things first, in case people don't read the whole thing
Thank you to all those who stayed around for my closing keynote at last week, and I apologise for the delay in posting these slides, but, here they are! The ADHD resource links are inside the deck, as well as the Resources section of this page:
Narrator: I don't care, do you?
Baby Boomers are the spoiled generation. This is repeated constantly in every venue
Yes, all of this. It's also an older culture where those who were paying for a service were entitled to ask for anything and those providing the service had to provide it (think older version of "the customer is always right"). I know I am over generalising.
Who in TwitterLand wants to give me a rundown of the top annuncements from #io19 ? I'm lazy today.
That whole thread was painful. I get the motivation, &amp; on paper (pun intended) it makes some sense. However it skews towards a certain type of person. 1) some people need time together their thoughts before expressing 2) the suggestion to make the meeting ~3x the doc length? WTF?
RT I just published a #discuss post on for the event that's happening today at 1:30pm PT. Wanted to…
RT While Trump &amp; supporters at rally yesterday, reacted by laughing when someone shouted about shooting immigrants at the bord…
It was great meeting you IRL as well! Here's to more opportunities in the future! #DevRelLife
We are past seeing a trend here with Trump, his associates and anyone he nominates.
Exact same response
Narrator: Nope.
Kim knows her poutine
It's Captain Sassy to you
Brandon.
Narrator: (checks his notes) He's nailed it folks.
What is so disturbing about this is the seeming lack of any terror on both of their parts.
And his pinned tweet is a perfect example
I feel seen, and attacked, at the same time.
I would have mustered all my strength to yell back "No!" You gotta nip Alexa in the bud early, don't show any weakness, or next thing you know it's conjuring up The Ring girl.
That's the look before the explosion of 23 flavours overtakes his consciousness
I pick up my Surface Pro 6 tomorrow when I get home...
One of the best pizzas. Ever. I applaud you in your life choices.
Now I've gone and done it... #Azure #CloudDashboardAllTehThings Now I need to figure out how to use it
RT The CFP is open for our developer conference, Spec! If you've built a Slack app that makes your team more productive, or ha…
RT This is a nice comparison of #product engineering, #DeveloperMarketing, and #DevRel from including a few quo…
Oh soooo tempted....
It's been a bit of a bizarro world with the amount of sun here in Seattle this week...
For the money, the 6/6T are hands down about the best Android device you can buy, especially as they're one of the few non-Pixel devices to get the P and Q Dev Previews... Can't wait for the 7/7Pro!
RT Our next episode is live &amp; you don't want to miss it! Tune in as we embark on a controversial conversation w/ &amp;…
I see a plot line for the sequel to Joe Pesci's "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag" 1997 movie.
This is something has endeavoured to do / been doing for awhile
Questions. I have them.
I too would like to know this.
RT With the 9.1 Release the #solacedotcom #pubsubplus #eventbroker now supports #JMS selectors over #AMQP. DL and Release Not…
Instead of creating new private channels I just use my personal private channel... But yeah l agree with you
Oh those were the days, when you were cool with ads because that meant you had free email.
I use the HVAC on full On, and if that doesn't work I use an app called MyNoise to provide the white noise to break up the other noise
RT 🎉We're excited to announce #InfluxDB Cloud 2.0 Beta Free Tier🎉 Read how to get started with our cloud offering from #InfluxD…
RT Kids shouldn’t have to be heroes and stop shooters in their schools. We are failing our children.
This is what we've come to. Instead of and working together to take steps to put a dent in these occurrences, we have pre-teens having to step up and fight because our politicians are feckless.
RT Introducing a new, open source, configurable, GPU accelerated console for Windows - The Windows Terminal
Who would have thought an all #EPL #UCL final?
That's where the tats came from...
RT Reminder! I'm launching the web site for Mother's Day and I want your input! Please nominate: ✅ Dev…
RT “MPs have passed a motion making the UK parliament the first in the world to declare an “environment and climate emergen…
thanks for coming last night! It was great meeting you. I heard you have my light blue Docker jacket!
Live camera of said pool
#MSBuild bubbles
hololens
Microsoft Azure, Hololens #BubbleBuzzwordBingo #MSBuild
Microsoft Student Zone right now with #BubbleBuzzwordBingo #MSBuild
RT If it’s a “no collusion, no conspiracy, no obstruction” Mueller report as WH says, why hide the unredacted version from Congres…
I was at a recent conference, asked if they had "female sizes" for my wife.. and he replied, "no but we have unisex sizes!" to which I replied, "So that's a no on the female sizes? Because unisex == men's size." He thought I was joking. I was not.
RT ⏳⌛️ Early bird tix for CMX Summit ends on Saturday! Grab em at the best price this week.
RT Denver area humans! If you would like to attend Glue Conference ( and identify as part of an underr…
RT While we're designing our spiffy new 2019 site, we decided to go ahead &amp; ship the CFP! Some key bits: ⏳ Talks are 25 min 📆…
RT This is a key point for #DevRel folks. What is of interest to your boss? To your boss's boss? To other stakeholders? Figure…
Thanks to everyone who came out to the and meetup tonight! It was great connecting with old friends and making new ones! Here's to the next meetup! Special thanks to for organising, and for the venue!
I feel seen.... ☺️😀😁
RT Thanks of and of for Drinks with Unicorns at #MSBuild #DevRel
RT I give up. We love guns more than children in this country.
RT A little preview of the venue tonight for the Seattle DevRel Meetup tonight. Almost 60 people are confirmed. Guest list is a…
RT Posting on is super fun
Intelligent Productivity and Collaboration, from Anywhere | The Visual Studio Blog
RT Um.... Attn
Learning about #NodeJS from and how he built using and at #MSBuild
RT I just published Updating Your Unity Project to Watson SDK for Unity 3.1.0 (and Core SDK 0.2.0)
RT At #MSBuild? Us, too! 😀 Come by booth #902 and see how you can enhance your #multicloud strategy with PubSub+ Clou…
RT The 9.1 Release for the #solacedotcom #pubsubplus #eventbroker is Now Available! Download &amp; check out more release details…
Under the Influencers (Ep 35) #devrel #community
RT Now *this* my friends, is super cool! First, 2.0 is really quite amazing. Second, it's FREE. That's right, FREE!! Go sign u…
#SayNoToStarbucks #FriendsDontLetFriendsDrinkStarbucks
#ElfAllTehThings
They are often the best, and most captive, audience
RT You’ll want to get registered so you can come to my #IoT workshop! Cc:
When you start to take the impromptu table selfie and has already posed before you can even get the table ready
RT Is anyone I know at Microsoft Build this weekend? Come say hi 👋 at our booth in the startup alley! #MicrosoftBuild
Great work by here to open source their internal tools!
RT Calling all trans and non-binary folks and women based in SF! Interested in learning more about #DevRel? Check out this pan…
RT I have some cute Unicorns that need a home. They are getting lonely as I’m not giving them enough attention! &lt;3 Are you at…
Barr's testimony was a walking dumpster fire of perjury &amp; it's imp to note that he only agreed to answer questions from the Republican-controlled Senate who've shown they won't hold the WH accountable, and won't testify in the House who ARE intent on holding the WH accountable.
"Docs is a part of the UX for your application." - at #MSBuild Build Live session on #DevRel
RT Hello. I'm writing a book on the role of software developers in the global economy. I'd love to speak to devs who've h…
RT Extrinsic rewards don't scale in community programs. Intrinsic motivation scales infinitely. Use model to…
RT Community isn't about making people work for free, it's about giving people things they want to d…
Come find me at the booth for some new stickers!
Well now I'm confused. I thought we were talking about Emily...
Sometimes. Other times it's just on himself. And seats. And tables.
You're getting it all wrong here. The correct response when hit with a cyber attack is to invite them to your government's leader for a private meeting.
If I recall correctly, the real reason it was highest grossing is that for a good percentage of the time it was out one of the only ways to see it was in 3D, which costs 2-3x the amount.
Good episode
I've had them... They are amazing, and thanks for reminding me!
How'd that work out for you?
I think was the "influencer" in this case...
Yeah i get the same feelings as well
You holding it wrong?
Maybe.....
Person under investigation for conspiracy against the US and for obstruction of justice.... says the investigator shouldn't testify. Going to go out on a limb here and say for that _alone_ he should testify.
"Ta-da! We'll be here all week! Try the corn nuts!"
She had a feeling of foreboding
Looked better the other way
"These here corn nuts are awesome!"
You are not on my superhero team
Yet I now oddly want to...
Now I'm hungry
Oh jeez...yeah. not a fan of hipsters. At all.
You got me there
Sounds like something I ate recently
You're Americanised... I've never had "Cashew Chicken" in China.
That's more believable
Professor Jameson.
You mean insecure asshats?
RT I spent more than a year reporting on fundamentalist christianity and I cannot tell you how many of the people negative…
RT At the airport about to fly to #MSBuild. Want to catch up? Here's where I'll be: Monday: 👨‍💻 Python/Go/Java booth: 1-4pm 🚀
Wait... The headline and featured image _alone_ makes me panic!
Spot on. Need more people understanding this.
If I couldn't spend a down day in-between conferences with my family, my 2nd family had to do! It was a great day with and - and especially on Jeremy's birthday! Thanks again friends!
I personally think it is solid, and gives a great portrayal of the gradual passage from good to evil...
Amazeballs. I feel like I have entered a whole new world.
The only prequel I was really OK with was Episode III... Otherwise I and II were crap.
Nice! Enjoy!
Is that Pomona?
You know your role. And you blow us away every time!
"Comparing apples to peaches" will soon become the new term
Actually - you are 100% correct. I apologise. It's the 🍎 I was thinking of... Emily, you're a bad millennial.
Nope, you're on target.
I imagine you now experiencing a severe case of FOMO...
Did you never play the "PENIS!" game in your youth, where you see who will say "penis" the loudest in public?
P E N I S!
You're really pushing this one Matty! 😜
Not to put too fine a point on it, say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
You'd think it would be obvious...
Depending on the one you have, you can easily belt-sand a larger opening. Works perfectly
Here's another alternative that I love (on my 4th because i do the same thing)
Bias is real. We must remove bias from the data at the beginning. Watch "AI, Ain't I A Woman? - Joy Buolamwini" on YouTube
Mind blown....
Not entirely... But the emotional stress can be damaging for both parties.
Lots of hold and volume but no shine. I think you made a good choice. The other has advanced whitening and that just seems extreme.
There's also the matter of turning people into newts... If neither of those things, and she weighs more than a duck, then other alternatives would be werewolves and vampires. It's good to keep the options open.
Does she float as well?
🤪😜😝😛😋 I was not drinking. I swear.
I feel attacked.
Better than "Influencer?"
RT Please like or comment if you are a man who wears pink. I want to prove a point to my five year old son! 💕💕💕 Plea…
Having done this for years, I highly encourage you to get out, meet people, seem them in person. Work together in one location for a few days. The value it will have on you, the work you do l, your coworkers, and the business, is invaluable.
And in finality to my lite rant, great tweet and link to an XKCD comic here
Love it! I still have those sequences in my head from 25 years ago!
(4/4) Sure, you can make the case that you can say whatever you want. You are free to. But that doesn't mean we have to listen &amp; doesn't mean you're exempt from the consequences of your speech, which may see you escorted/banned off of the premises of these services. ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
(3/4) The restriction here is on Congress, and by extension the Government. It does not restrict private companies/organizations/etc from having rules about how you use their services. If you don't like their rules, you're free to not use them. Period. It's that simple.
(2/4) "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
(1/4) Having spent decades in online communities, there seems to be a complete lack of knowledge (as evidenced by reactions to social media entities banning accounts for violations of their service) of what the 1st Amendment actually means....
It's fantastic! Keep it. Maybe on bad hair days you can put it in a man bun. Manage the chaos.
Pretty good overview of Docker Docker For Frontend Developers
A bit late to the party....
Right back at you! It's crazy how many people in this industry that fit this bill for me as well. Glad we get to meet and hang soon!
RT Slides that I used at in London this evening for my talk "Tales of a Keyboard-only user"
Now you've gone and done it and raised her engagement level.
RT I’m getting so stoked for #Gluecon! Join me and so many other awesome ppl for 2 days of amazing talks in gorgeous Broomfiel…
Like a queen!
So much yes.
Well there is the Buffalo Bills and they're already half shaven so you could probably just borrow there's.
RT I made a thing! Showing how you can use with your favorite programming language, like cURL 😁. Make YOUR own…
RT I’ll be writing up a blog post today, but Packr needs community help. It has virtually no community support and is very heav…
This. Put it in. Be you.
I can't remember if that's a grass or turf field... If grass, then aerating would likely be it. But if it's a turf field then he could be respreading the little rubber pieces... Hard to tell from this distance.
I am so proud of, and excited for, She's a leader in the #DevRel field and is going to do amazing things
It's FABULOUS! 🎉🎆
RT Have you booked your ticket for #ColchesterDigitalConference2019 yet? Join us and your #digital and #creative colleagues o…
RT Having to pretend to listen to someone’s directions after repeatedly telling them you’ll be using Google Maps
Oh most definitely! I have at least 12 and we keep in a little drawer.
RT What's a non-coding discipline or skill that programmers could benefit from learning?
RT The CFP for Summit is open until May 15! Will you be there?
Evidently when it comes to his beer choices they are
RT Today the team shipped remote development and my mind is 100% blown 🤯 This is absolutely awesome. Now, the power of…
But... The perks!
Oh, right.
Truth.
Did not know... Now I know we will get along even more.
Implementing a good Dev Platform often sruns into challenges like: roadmap prioritization, org complexity, stakeholder mgmt, and user-centric. But there are also solutions: - Share vision - Metrics to support vision - A fan base - Understand customer - Teresa at
UDPs, #DevEx, and Digital Transformation have been growing from the classic “Ticket Ops” to Self-Service. (Geez - I remember the classic “ticket ops” process to get access to systems &amp; tools. Almost as painful as using Concur. Almost.) - Teresa at
The scope of responsibility between Dev Portals and Dev Platforms generally touch on: Portals: UX, Service Catalog, Knowledge Mgmt In-between: Automation Platforms: Self-service, Reusable tools, Observability - Teresa at
Next session of Day 2 at is Teresa Roque with “Unlocking Digital Transformation - Insights from building an IDP”, and touching on the difference between dev Portals and dev Platforms… Portals = interface between devs and the Platform Platform = everything else
RT We're part of the Extension Ecosystem Summit, taking place alongside Looking forward to encourage more folks to co…
RT Our second talk of the day was delivered by the amazing : *Streamlining Developer Experience: The Power of CI…
RT So happy I cough talking about CI/CD optimizations on day #2✍️ taking quotes: "people are really b…
You don’t know what you don’t know - seems simple enough, but there are ways to move towards 2.0 now: - canonical logs - Add trace IDs and span IDs - Feed data into columnar store - Storage with high cardinality - Explorable data / dashboards - at
Observability is really hard - but 2.0 attempts to simplify and make it faster and ultimately cheaper. It can be so much easier - by using data. The more you inform your gut, the better you become as an engineer and a high-performing team. - at
The cost model in 2.0 is about paying for the data store once, and leaning on infinite “custom metrics” (i.e. cardinality). You will pay more with 2.0, but the value goes up and allows for more predictability. - at
“The best debuggers are the people who are the most curious” - at
How we debug in Observability 1.0 vs 2.0 is about having data / breadcrumbs that immediately inform you of the problem instead of relying on the experience of someone who’s been at the company the longest, and has the most scar tissue. - at
Interacting w/ production is different between Observability 1.0 and 2.0. The bar for paging you when something is broken/not working should be quite high - and SLOs (contracts between your teams &amp; users) are essential. Only interupt them w/ pain. - at
It’s 2024. Use structured data!!! Observability is how you build your stuff &amp; integral to the entire SDLC, not just Ops. Understand where to invest more effort. 1.0: How we operate software 2.0: How we develop software - at
So much of our debugging is influenced by the “scar tissue” that we’ve developed over the years of seeing a particular problem. Swiftly being able to follow your nose is key to 2.0. But you need data + metrics. But they can’t exist in a bubble. - at
The migration between Observability 1.0 and 2.0 is about identifying and taking the paths available. It’s also identified by the number of data points and tools in use (vs. 1 source of truth = 2.0) and how you store the data you capture. - at
Charity talks about the history of observability, and how much Facebook’s internal tool, “Scuba”, contributed to accelerated delivery times. Understanding your system state is revolutionary &amp; foundational to deliverying complexity. Bring on 2.0! - at
Getting to production is all about fixing the bugs quickly - because they start costing you from the moment that bug is born. Your ability to move swiftly, and get to production is reliant on your observability. - at
You can’t get a high performing team just by hiring an ex-FAANG engineer. It’s about the systems and processes you have in place. Modern practices all have fast feedback as an essential piece. “Speed is safety” LOVE THAT LINE! - at
Technology is eating the world, and every company is a tech company, and so what really moves your teams forward is being a high-performing team. Solving problems can be amazing - or horrific, with so much of that having to do with the team. - at
Yeah, and that's only the tip of the iceberg with that dude I'm sure
Bless their hearts 🤣😂
A huge "THANK YOU" to the organizers ( and and the volunteers for another amazing #ConnectTech. Hands down one of the better conferences for developers and speakers. Make sure you're there next year.
Thank you Sasha. I am confident things will look up very soon.
I needed this complete joy right now!!! #RCJHKU
Honestly, in my lifetime I never thought I would be singing this about but here we are. LFG #RCJHKU #ROCKCHALK
RT ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK K U!!!!!!
Pretty basic: 🥃 a good whiskey 🍵 good, voice-helping tea ☕ good coffee, please. I'll give suggestions if necessary. But please. 🙌👏🤛🤙 good people to hype up
Thanks for the words Todd! Was so good seeing and hanging with you this week.
Thanks Dustin. It was great seeing you this week.
Thank you Jeff! Much appreciated.
🫂🫂🫂🫂
Fuck it sounds sooo good
Thanks Kate. :fist-bump:
Thanks I appreciate it Brandon. A lot. I'll keep plugging along, and have more interviews and conversations to come, so "Onward and Upward" right?
#ChiefsKingdom
Thanks Kayla. I'll take all the vibes.
Thanks Sharone. 🫂
It's easy to reduce lines of code when you just run everything through a filter where you just amplify all the nazi, racist, cryptoshit, etc
That being said... I do prefer PG Tips and get a box every time I am back in the UK.
Emily.
RT Are you at #MSBuild next week in Seattle? Come by booth 902 and ask us about the new PubSub+ Cloud availability in
Excited to hear talk about ethics in imagery here at #ImageCon2019 - she's "on a roll like Cottonelle!"
Just submitted to my first #DevOpsDays CFP, Chicago to be precise. Can now check that off my list.
This is great news and they're lucky to have you! You're going to kill it and bring some much needed new direction there!
RT 6/ What I want now is a serious national conversation, conducted on major media and using extensive citations to all the…
Shawarma, kebabs, heck Mediterranean food in general, is my comfort food and I one of the things I do actually seek out after speaking
RT Yesterday’s Barr hearing was not for family audiences.
RT The Tesla community is really remarkable. - No active. community management. - No user profiles. - No gamification.…
I knew it!
Speechless. This is awesome!
RT Serverless is server less in the same way a beef burger is vegetarian because you didn't personally see the cow being kill…
Then do something about it! Bringing Articles of Impeachment with the #MuellerReport as the basis would require public testimony that America needs to see.
This is a great move and I am even more excited to attend this year
My experience has been that "both" is the sweet spot
Put the leftovers in the fridge and I'll be there soon
RT I help developer-focused companies better engage their audience with content. asked me to share a bit more about what…
This is damaging to Barr and proves that he lied under oath to Congress. He must be removed and charged with perjury.
Quick Developer Poll: When evaluating a product/tool/SDK/etc., do you care about the use cases presented? If you choose "No" or "Sometimes" please respond with an explanation. RT for reach.
Attract developers with a killer developer portal #devrel
/me waves at
Small world.... You know !
You are awesome.
RT Hey #OpenFin #architects and #developers. 👋🏼 Need a way to seamlessly interact with and connect to diverse data sources?…
Well and that brings up an interesting question, and without knowing the particulars of their community a bit difficult to figure out an answer... But wouldn't moderators be active community management?
RT 26 years ago, was a scrappy startup "sneaking" into data centers with boxed copies of a Linux-based operating syst…
And the ray's of the sun are killing Jen and I, but Tessa has conveniently shielded herself ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
As an attorney herself she would destroy Barr if given the chance. The rules in a hearing are regrettably different, but I am certain he's purjured himself more today.
I've heard the only way to fix a food hangover is to eat more food.
RT Had a nice lunch with and As usual, I have a food hangover from overeating. I really need to get hel…
I would wager that they actually do have people managing the community, but very much in the background. They would have to be. It's not possible to have a community that size on the internet with the rabid fanbase that they have without any management and it not be toxic
If you don't rest and recover on your own, your body will force you to do it.
Dealing with writer's block How to get started on writing a book
Thus that's the only qualification
I successfully avoided this trap... Not everyone was as lucky
RT AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming efforts to suppress the Mueller report show that he's not a credible head of federal l…
Only one thing to do...
Why would any of the lot lie?
#DockerconParty with friends
#DockerCon2019 #DockerConParty
At the #DockerCon2019 Party... with the cameo (wait for it)
Getting ready for talk on "Persistence is futile (or is it?)" at #DockerCon2019
It is beautiful!
Come join me &amp; as we host a developer Meetup in Seattle next Tuesday, May 7 at 7pm! I'll have stickers &amp; after 9p we'll be doing karaoke! Sponsored by &amp; Sign up:
All Barr had to do was use Mueller's Executive Summary's for each section - they were prepared for that SPECIFIC purpose. Instead, he had to create his own summary to appease Trump and create a false narrative (i.e. LIE) about the contents and findings before its release.
Like the next All Hands call use green screen feature and show yourself in front of the Eiffel Tower?
My job here is done.
Hah I did a similar thing when I was younger... Decided to go blonde... Didn't recognise I had a nice reddish tint in my brown hair... Was Carrot Top for a few weeks. Yours at least looks good!
Don't forget your near-psychopathian disdane for the Oxford comma.
Great description of serverless
This will be my 6th &amp; 7th (I think?).. they have to give me the laughing gas in order to not run screaming from the room as soon as the torturer-wannabe walks in the room with his facemask on.
Meh it's my own fault. Your experience is what gives me the chills and I totally sympathise...
That sounds terrible. I personally have two crowns upcoming the end of next month that I am not looking forward to.
Yep! I walked in and they said "Welcome back!" and I said "Thanks!" and had a warm, fuzzy feeling! That being said... If it happened after they scanned your pass... I got nothing for you.
Will it make you feel any better if I tell you that I've had them say the same thing to me on my first ever visit?
If you're in #Seattle and want to learn more about #JAMstack this is the Meetup group for you!
RT Condolences to the family of John Singleton. His seminal work, Boyz n the Hood, remains one of the most searing, loving po…
It's times like these when I'm working on emails and catching up on notifications that I remember how good is
The return of Google Reader
Sweet Child of Mine Für Elise Crazy Train Smells Like Teen Spirit Back in Black Song 2 Money for Nothing Money Lose Yourself Start Me Up Smoke on the Water (hate myself for this last one)
Agree with all your points. Everyone can be an a-hole, but we each have to own up to our own issues and recognise that we can make a difference, and it starts with us. Call out bad behavior when you see it, regardless of X. Never be afraid to call a spade a +d&amp;=_#$% spade.
Whale, I'll be seeing you later #DockerCon2019 #dockerselfie #devpuns
Then you can have two, compare the experience of both, write about it, sell the one that fails more, make monies on the article, still have a loss on the whole thing... Profit?
And here he is in motion!
RT I'm the first follower. Also I'm speaking at their meetup next week. Join the meetup! 110 members but hoping they grow into…
Wooooow!!! I just met at #DockerCon2019 😎 (IRL finally)
Here at #DockerCon they're introducing Docker Enterprise 3.0, including - Desktop Enterprise - Kubernetes Service (DKS) - Applications - Enterprise-as-a-Service
Note to conference organizers/presenters: Don't use white slides with text. In a darkened room, that white becomes like a spotlight straight to the eyes. And when in a large room with multiple screens it's maddening and headache-inducing. Thanks.
RT Wohl's dad is a Trump surrogate and he pushed this; Wohl is a criminal who should be in jail; and we should be linking th…
The idiot is strong in him
RT Nearly 2 million monthly Docker Desktop users. Docker is the 3rd most used platform behind Linux and Windows. Whoa. #dockerco…
RT Check out our latest developer blog that shows how to set up the PubSub+ Microgateway feature with #REST Delivery Points! T…
And now I must be sick... I missed the Oxford comma in that last message.
RT Ush Shukla, sales #engineer at Solace, explains how to set up a REST💤 delivery point for SOAP🧼 endpoints in this blog pos…
So good to have a loving, giving sharing family! Take care of yourself. The inbox &amp; DMs will still be there.
Oh it's already been saved .....
RT There is no #DevRel golden hammer. There is no secret sauce. The truth is, what works for your community, for your organiz…
Yes.
RT This thread will break your heart—but it’s important when the President is spouting crazy sh*t about mothers conspiring…
It seems to be a common occurrence and something that the theaters should be checking for before allowing people in because I too had two people, one on each side, chopping onions during #AvengersEndgame
#DockerCon begins! #DockerCon19
Optimizing for developer happiness #devrel
RT The Apache Software Foundation (ASF) has successfully completed the migration of its Git service to GitHub.
Yeah my work decided to schedule an entire week for our off site without asking me. The nerve.
RT Issue 63 of #DevRelWeekly has officially been released! Networking tips, #DevRel management best practices, how to be a lon…
This is so essential for any company building apps/services which require connectivity, and yet so few (if any) do it.
I feel totally seen here. Done that so many times, and purposely threw errors in to see if my incompetent QA team would catch (they would not). I also would mess with a co-worker who was totally Dwight, and I had the role of Jim, before I saw the Office even...
Dang it! Going to miss this year! Look forward to the replay!
Yep. And it means there are variables in the user's environment that are unknown or uncontrollable.
Spot on, with those exact words and phrases... /me covers up webcam AND microphone on laptop
RT POST/CON is back this September 11-12! You'll hear technical talks from Postman experts, find out where Postman is goin…
Done.
Yes that works too, and with great RSS-to-post feature it makes it easy to keep the canonical link back to your content.
Have you been x-rayed for an alien inside?
Stop using Medium for developer content. Move to post haste.
RT I remember being blown away in this moment on the avengers set. Nobody was allowed to film anything on their phones. I…
Yeah my hotel for some reason only had it showing on HBO Latino... So I need to wait for a replay.
Who ruined it?
Shen.
Gotta be a week or so... But I've shared feelings without specifics
So it seems everything turned out ok, all messes picked up, all notes stowed, and no red pen in sight... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ We'll just chalk this up to another case of you can't pick your fellow passengers.
Don't forget the tan suit... ¯\(°_o)/¯
I'll have to push the call light
It's not nervous behaviour I don't think... She did pick them up, and now is writing notes and plans profusely in her notebook, just like she's at her kitchen table.
Come to MS Build a week from today.
At least till I land.
Thinking about #DevRel &amp; the joys and challenges - one thing comes to mind: travel. It can be fun, but it's often draining. Which reminds me: “It can hardly be a coincidence that no language on earth has ever produced the expression, 'As pretty as an airport.” -Douglas Adams
Same. The tears started with the opening scene and returned throughout
Completely agree and what I tell my kids, and what my dad told me.
Nightingale. Hands down. Miki is a close second.
Agree here tbh... Villa assuming that Leeds should stop for Leeds's player, and then getting butt hurt when they don't. Only thing I will say, is the one wide Leeds player who made the through ball pulls up with what looks to be the same feeling Villa had
The sprain just makes the singing better, requiring more libations to make the sprain better. It's all circular.
I asked for two, pocketed one, because you never know when you need to make unbearable coffee better.
It's a bit troubling to be honest... She's taken over her area like she's at her kitchen table.
Finally...
This. Wins. The. Internet. Today. Also, I've just rung the call light in need of wet wipes and a towel. AMA.
Actually it was who reminded me of this option recently... Usually it's Woodbridge and Coke Zero for me.
Same here, on a plane. Having family and friends who have experienced this unspeakable loss I am beyond enraged at what this joke of a dictator has said, and to the people who believe, and enable, him. Enough is enough.
Same here... Luckily I have options
Gives "Comfort+" a whole new meaning
Evidently this lady's seat reminds her of the kitchen floor where she drops her newspaper sections when she's done with them.
Oh come on, everyone loves a good drift landing!
#ThankYouAvengers for the stories you have told, and hopefully the others you will continue to.
Jeremy.
Your faith, or lack thereof, is very disturbing. Also, no.
You never told me you were a sign model
That hashtag sounds like a great name for a Karaoke event #karaokeandanklesprains
RT Forget the black guy who went #1, won the Heisman trophy, and made history by becoming the first player to ever go in the…
See! Being there a week early helped! Great job!
Agree with Sam here... The Sawyer line are great no matter your use case, especially if you want something small. We use them for backpacking, hiking, etc
Shoot me your address, I'll be right there.
On the other hand, you get to see Endgame.
Probably... You've been a trendsetter!
Just a mere mortal. With amazing dexterity and ability to make the most of 50/50 chances.
I plugged a USB connector in correctly the first time. AMA.
Agreed, Hulk's haircut is amazing!
Ahh, circa 1995 me thinks... I had the near-identical shirt
I probably still have one of these sitting around my office
"How would you respond if a user calls in and breaks down crying during the support call?"
I feel seen.
#lifegoals
1000mg - anything less is useless and like bringing a toothpick to a nuclear war
RT If we’re still playing this game: He congratulated the white guy who’s the number 2 draft pick, but not the black guy wh…
The #MuellerReport was a National Security report, not a Criminal report - two very different things with a very different process to be followed: Impeachment, not Indictment. Thread.
Yay! Congrats!
Enjoy!
Git reset --hard
And a podcast
Look for collaborative spaces or places where you can bring value to the venue. and are great to work with in London. Also universities can be good.
This thread has some of the greatest advice you could ever receive. Anywhere.
Brilliant segment
TBD... Summer probably
Yep it sucks. For the same procedure (my burned foot) we had 4 bills...
Much less who submitted the PR?! And did they 'git pull' first? So many questions!
There is no cake in Endgame.
Next time I'm in London you must take me to this seemingly magical place.
This is how it works sadly... Each facility and group performing procedures bill separately.
Or just more chaos engineering talks... In the lab coat and goggles
Betcha he strikes out or grounds out to the infield. 😆
One thing we were told about Shiba Inu's before we got #MannyDoge was that they are cats for dog lovers. This one picture of Manny sitting on the back of the couch looking out the window encapsulates that.
You're not wrong.... But then again you don't go there for the food (except for the sopapillas), you go there for the entertainment and experience.
RT Something slack, messenger and many apps get wrong: When someone leaves it announces “Mel has left the group”. This lea…
RT Don’t Use Bogus Metrics For An Online Community Almost every community health metric is bogus. Get the measurement wron…
He'll never know! It'll be all of our secret with you.
I feel like this fits here... You're welcome.
#AvengersEndgame of course
14 hrs after walking out of the movie I still struggle for words to describe it. #AvengersEndgame is the perfect culmination of everything we have loved &amp; even hated about the MCU. No joke, even as I think back about what I just saw last night tears well up in my eyes.
#NotSureWhoDoesItBetter
Some great tips from on perfect ways to wreck a community
Congratulations! That's awesome!
At certain times it is good to reflect on the journey, the things you've learned, gain insight that you didn't previously think of, &amp; prepare for the future. This, for me, is one of those times: "My long, winding road to #DevRel" #DEVcommunity
They're states where elections tend to be heavily contested due to diverse political leanings. Also Wawa's are meh... They're good, but I prefer QuikTrip.
RT It's #FollowFriday! Today we're excited to feature Apress author She's an active advocate for the DevRel community…
RT Replicating the Success of REST in Event-Driven Architecture #AsyncAPI
RT For those who are new to the term, DevRel is literally about building relationships with the developer community. It i…
RT (No spoilers) 1. Google “Thanos” 2. Click the gauntlet under the preview image on the right. 3. Enjoy. 4. Click it again.
Took the family tonight. Amazing.
#AvengersEndgame. Phenomenal. That. Is. All.
And don't forget about the Scotch
The job search fucking sucks. After 2 months of heavily interviewing across many companies, I _really_ didn't want to get _that_ "going in a different direction" email yesterday. Esp after a great week and giving my ADHD journey talk and it being highly received. So demoralizing.
RT With more layoffs on the horizon: you can and should negotiate your severance package. They're going to want to make yo…
I was in New Delhi in 2017 watching "Logan" when it opened, and halfway through they cut the movie and everyone got up and walked out. I was left going, "WTF!?" Until they all started coming back with refreshments.
RT "The Right wants strict rules on everything. From what teachers can teach, to who can read to children... But when it…
Now they should explore Josh Hawley and his MO residency (or lack thereof)
Oh I'm here for this JD! Can't wait.
Oh yes! Jay is awesome. One of these days I'll hit Refactr
Same
Thank you Todd. I appreciate these kind words, and it has been my pleasure to know you these past few years!
Narrator: It did in fact take over 2 hours
OH: I like a little tingle in my mouth, but nothing else.
I can't even begin... WTF?
OH: He can suck my Tailwind
Thoughts and prayers
RT Getting ready for closing keynote with the speaker crew
Congrats! Now tear it apart and make something useful with it!
RT The Seattle API City Conference is looking for sponsors for the Sept 5th event! If you know a company who may be interested,…
RT A statement from our organization about the insufficient response by to the Kaku's reckless actions. #NoOtherClub htt…
Seeing it tonight, and have read that roughly an hour in when Thor talks about the Aether and then when Asgard is mentioned the first time are the only times. Otherwise you better be wearing Depends.
The Census is not for citizens, it is for all residents in the US and sets forth allocation for spending on basic services as well as drawing districts and such. This change is huge, unneeded, and dangerous.
RT Make sure your API is not adding a mental load to your users #DevNetCreate
Going to have to give this a try
I am so glad that you know all of the Devil's tricks and you aren't claiming to be a god by espousing yourself to be infallible and all-knowing. Oh. Wait. You are.
That's awesome btw!
Or so I've heard...
RT Twitter is the best networking tool in the world if you make a habit of replying to ppl u respect - keep it positive (bu…
RT Thanks so much all who contributed to this list of challenges for #DevRel professionals! The blogpost is now live on
Douglas Adams said it best, as he often does:
That is just the action of their glutes draining any blood from their intelligence center
Narrator: While true, he made the mistake of answering her question. He was never heard from again.
Dudes need to back off the idiocy and testosterone
RT Here's our piece from last night on the release of the Mueller Report...
RT The CFP is LIVE! We are accepting 5 minute lightning talks and 20 minute sessions! Get your's in today!
Narrator: The US does not negotiate with terrorists and dicta..... What's that? He did what? :godzillaFacepalm:
At the very least what this says is that Republicans are using language which the algorithm can't tell isn't white supremacist... At the worst (and more likely given continued examples and proof) they are the same.
RT 👏 VACCINATE 👏 YOUR 👏 CHILDREN 👏
Good thread on facts, lies, and revelations on impeachment
It's like they have something to hide...
Hair on point!
YAY! Finally an Android app for "Announcing DEV for Android" by #DEVcommunity
We so often forget this important aspect of our jobs... A great reminder!
Yep. Even Drake agrees.
Makes a lot of sense. However you could bring back the roll at the bottom of your pants.
Thread.
Wait... Are we packing the same suitcase?
Sorry to hear this! If I can help in any way let me know
RT Our senior architect and founder share their views on why #RESTful #APIs are still s…
Get a dog?
It has been done
Yes he is, he's one of the good ones! I keep missing him in person, but hopefully that will be rectified.
Are you really sorry though Leon?
If you were in SF next Wednesday you could watch it with and myself
RT Literally everyone believes in the power of community. It’s just hard to get execs to prioritize because: - it can take…
My desk today... #remotework #lovethebirds
RT Generated data can be really useful when building APIs, read more about why and how to create random JSON to host on a moc…
Some people just want to see the {study} burn...
This is where #developeradvocacy really sets itself apart because empathy is essential to the role and not something that's an "also do this when you get a chance" activity.
Yes, the Independent has a lot of ads, with some relatively good content interspersed 😆. I do think the study is definitely interesting though I haven't had a chance to read both of them thoroughly.
Empathy is one of the most important tools for anyone in #DevRel, but especially Developer Advocates. This article is interesting in regards to why some people don't engage with empathy, and why it's so valuable.
RT I don’t know who needs to hear this, but the email client you're using is just fine.
I'm confused
RT Will you be at #DevNetCreate tomorrow? Come see me talk about #IoT Data collection at the Edge with 3:50-4:10 p…
And yet you've never made me anything
Dang it... Two of my favourite people and I miss them by a week! Enjoy dinner!
Every time I hear the main theme to Star Wars tears well up in my eyes. Don't @ me.
Just as long as you ask for the kids to be lined up so you can choose which ones go home with you. Might even need to make it a double-blind selection process, you know, for inclusion sake.
This is called Congressional Oversight, one of the core tenants of the Constitution, and oddly missing the last 2 years
RT 🤝 Building community leaders program ❓ Q&amp;A forums vs. conversational communities 🔦 Shedding light light o…
Narrator: And also sucks...
RT You have to pay something back so that everyone gets a chance. If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, w…
Also known as "2 Hours in &lt;insert city name&gt; with Corey"
Learn by Contributing by
YES! Great job team!
Solid advice. Any team with #remotework either as preferred or sensitive to needs to follow these steps
_Everyone_ deserves bottomless fries
Given the facts, this could be the opening for new proceedings
Almost... I am assuming your umbrella drink is on the ground.
Come join me, and at a Seattle Dev Meetup in 2 weeks. Details below!
Here's the podcast episode I was on with where we discussed #DevRel, #DoctorWho, and meeting developers where they are. I hope you enjoy!
So maybe the inventor of the dishwasher wasn't so helpful after all?
Yes we can. Will we? I just don't know. I really want us to change, but are we able to (a different question than if we can)?
Absolutely correct. Regardless of party affiliation, given what the #MuellerReport reveals, impeachment is the only way forward.
RT Here are some of the great speakers presenting at #DevOpsDays Buffalo:
Interesting... TIL
Another thing here.... They could have cancelled the service because of Apple Pay fees being high and still keep contactless
Great job
I don't think they disabled contactless? Hard to tell from the article what actually happened
Or Google Pay...
Hah - and I found it on some google search
So sorry this happened Melody, but thank you for sharing and opening yourself up so that others can learn and hopefully this sort of unacceptable behaviour can be nipped in the bud.
RT I heard you like webhooks. So the team put some more events in your webhooks so you can have 19 new webhook events! Av…
So this has certainly aged well - I'm sure you won't play partisan politics and will treat a GOP president like you did a Democrat one.
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt."
Sucked then just as much as they do now
That it is... Small world makes it even more fascinating
There was a moment there where everyone was a bit tense, but then a customer offered their lemon loaf up as a peace offering &amp; the whipped cream dispenser was put down. Said button-pusher's keep eyeing each other with a weird mixture of contempt &amp; attraction. Kinda like Jr. High.
1, but have seen a steady stream of people who look ashamed and won't make contact with the "barista" (button-pusher in Starbucks job description) much less any of the other patrons. Also Sprint employees (across from Sprint Campus) so maybe synonymous with each other.
An ode to burnt dreams and charred beans. Also a weird mix of Celine Dion and Ariana Grande. I am not amused.
Having to work at a Charbucks while waiting for my tires to be replaced, and I feel dirty. AMA.
So, nice knowing you all.
This is the new case/canvas taking shape
I get cases for my laptop (MacBook) and use them as canvases, and then hang them on my wall when they're full of stickers and get a new case. Costs me ~$18 a case.
Like I said... so I have heard.
RT I have posted this comic every Easter for 10 years. Today is no exception.
I am not crying at this scene.
Ok good. Then get on it! Spit spot!
You've seen the original right?
We so quickly lose the child-like wonder and majesty of things just not having to make sense, and Mary Poppins personifies this for me.
Nothing can describe the nostalgia/feelings I am having right now watching "Mary Poppins Returns" with my wife and kids.
I'm a bit intrigued by If you have a referral, please send one my way! 💜 /
They're also meant to be purchased the day after for pennies on the dollar. and then maybe put on forks in people's yards. Or so I have heard.
After Pulse: Technical? Or Tech-Savvy? #devrel #community
RT As countless people attend Easter service today, our prayers are with the people of Sri Lanka who lost loved ones in these hor…
This does look fun!
RT I said it before and I’ll say it again: It’s not ok to seek Russian help in your campaign. It’s not ok to use material…
RT Happy Easter to those celebrating. Beware the razor sharp teeth 😄🐰 🥚 (thank you to whoever made this!)
They are amazeballs
Yoga, pilates, and more beer to firm up the midsection to provide support
It is also very important when performing this exercise that you have record it so that you can make sure you have your form down correctly and then share it with the rest of us so that we can critique and offer pointers
RT The attacks on tourists and Easter worshippers in Sri Lanka are an attack on humanity. On a day devoted to love, redemptio…
RT Did you know that the Open Source Design community will be holding a track at ApacheCon in Berlin this year? CFP is open!
I've run it on Linux for a few years but haven't messed with it on my Mac
DaVinci Resolve is solid
I hate to think that's all we got left
RT NEW: The FBI has arrested the leader of The United Constitutional Patriots (UCP), a far-right militia group that has been ille…
It isn't, except for his base and the GOP it would seem.
That's right. Own it, before it owns you.
Sustainable developer relations at DevRelCon Tokyo 2019 #devrel
This feels like a great opportunity to write a book chronicling this process that could probably be turned into a movie or two.
It's good to do a walk-through, but normally you can do that in the comfort of your own home
A cover up we haven't seen since Iran Contra... Wait... Barr was instrumental there too when he was also Attorney General for George H.W. Bush (1991-93) "How Barr’s Excerpts Compare to the Mueller Report’s Findings"
Obstruction is an entirely different matter &amp; the fact the narrative is being spun that since his aides didn't fulfill his requests he's not guilty is ludicrous at best, &amp; not what the #MuellerReport says. It was left for Congress to provide their Constitutional oversight. [5/5]
This is where much of the currently ~20 cases are currently in process against Trump, his campaign, and his compatriots. This is not over. Also, the #MuellerReport made it clear that the evidence was detailed, followed, and investigated for when Trump is out of office. [4/5]
Now any normal, law-abiding person or campaign would have notified the authorities when approached _once_, not the n+1 times of the Trump campaign, by a foreign power who wanted to help them. Obviously a deficiency around the rule of law w/ Trump circle around this point. [3/5]
"Conspiracy" is the crime, and it's what the entire Part 1 of the #MuellerReport is about. It was found that there wasn't any conspiracy, but instead what was found was a campaign that welcomed and asked for assistance from a foreign government in getting elected. [2/5]
Let's be clear on the #MuellerReport - there was never going to be any charges brought or conclusion on "collusion" because it alone isn't a crime. Conspiracy is. The media allowed, and even assisted, Trump in changing the narrative to something that would never be reached. [1/5]
I love my Maxlite 5 21" Expandable Carry-On Spinner... Not sure if it's smaller than your duffle, but it's been amazing with my travel so far this year, and I keep being able to put more in it.
Going to side with Fozzy and Jen here...
Jennings is so hard to listen to.. he's repeatedly incoherent in trains of thought, and devoid of any reason. I get why they published it, it's an op ed and they aren't to be biased, but even that article was a bit over the top.
That's for the dessert of course.
Is that an effective technique?
I'd say the venue is big enough
RT The Seattle API City Conference is now accepting sponsors. A few sponsor slots are already pending and they will go quick!…
RT I really hope people read the actual report.
Good options. Q39 is likely your best shot in the area. The River Market is also a good place tomorrow morning if you're looking for something to do, or hit up for some great coffee and breakfast options.
RT
RT As I've said before, I'm not endorsing anyone in the Democratic primary, but I can say for certain that I will not be vot…
RT One of the harder things about organizing a meetup is finding a good space to host! The team just moved into so…
This thread. #Community metrics are important, but know what and why you are measuring. Metrics for the sake of metrics are rubbish
RT If you're a designer and you have a free weekend this weekend and you'd like to make some money—ping and me.
RT Our friends at want to share your Python stories before #pycon2019.
Participated in my first ever podcast yesterday with on #devrel and #community. I enjoyed it, and look forward to hearing the finished product in the new few weeks!
RT 👏 VACCINATE 👏 YOUR 👏 CHILDREN 👶 👏
Meet Petr Svihlik #devrel
- Hanna on Amazon Prime - The Umbrella Academy on Netflix
RT Tonight! William Barr is the attorney general Trump always dreamed of. He’s got the loyalty of Rudy Giuliani, and the n…
RT This picture? Oh it’s just Trump posing next to all the smoke that William Barr just blew up his ass. #LSSC
Yes, it is. But who's going to do anything about it?
Condolences friend.
This.
Me too! I can still pull out some of the moves. Never had a zoot suit though...
And now they're playing "Closing Time" by Semisonic. I have no words.
Baba O'Reilly.
What I love (and simultaneously hate) is that the Mueller Report proves everything Seth has been saying for the last 2 years, which was all public knowledge, with facts. And as was the case, we knew that the Report wouldn't lead to any action from DOJ. And Congress may fail too.
Sure but what did you have to drink?
TFW you hear "1979" from The Smashing Pumpkins, released the year you graduated High School - only to realise it's playing on the Classic Rock station.
How I picture her before she realized her error...
Yesssssss! 🎉🎉
RT Thanks to I found out about this great book by - whether you are in a DevRel role, or simply a…
RT I’ve been waiting impatiently for today. This week’s guest on Screaming in the Cloud is even radder than you would expect:…
The #MuellerReport regarding Trump's attempted obstruction: “that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that no person is above the law”
Awesome pic! That big toe though.....
RT Want to know what's happening in #devrel? Get your copy of the State of DevRel 2019 report, here:
Should also get who has been reporting on the Mueller Report for two years!
RT Today's your last day to submit your CFP for Summit 2019! If you're in #DevRel or #CMgr industries, be sure to get you…
You always want to go out on top.
With all you're going through, know that we care
Hanna Season 1 was awesome! Can't wait for Season 2
As the #MuellerReport comes out, here's a solid thread to follow all day long as Barr spins the coverup before he releases it, and then as it's released.
More I am reading, the more I am seeing that Docker needs full Linux installed, and VSCode is hit or miss on ChromeOS 🤷‍♂️
RT 33/ In case you missed it, a federal judge has *already* said *publicly* that Barr is *seriously* harming Americans' conf…
Just do a half donut. Problem solved.
Wingdings. Ride or die.
RT Rule of community design. Members want to scan what's new in the community when they visit. If you make them click in…
This is a cover-up, plain and simple. Shameful.
"Results from the web: One green vegetable cancels out 2 Oreos, while non-green vegetables cancel out 6 Oreos.*
RT Learn how you can empower your community with a great event strategy with Join us at the SF Dev Rel
The reason Barr was chosen for AG instead of Trump's personal lawyer... So he could be Trump's personal AG instead of just his lawyer.
Brings to mind my mother's continual response whenever us kids said "That's not fair!" "LIFE is not fair." Me thinks the President never learned that critical lesson as a child.
And I know how to grow a beard... What's your point?
Well in theory I'm thinking it should work, as Linux on Chromebooks has come a ways, and Docker should in theory be able to install and run... and I know I have seen things about VS Code on Chromebooks as well....
Oh sure... no "organized electrical activity"... Remind me, do zombies have organized electrical activity?
Hmm... I seem to recall a movie or 2 that features a storyline like this...
RT Want some sweet, sweet cosmic karma ✨, and a chance to win a free trip to POST/CON and some very special sw…
Anyone used/currently using a Chromebook w/ VSCode &amp; Docker for a local dev &amp; testing env? How did it work? Does it work? Thinking about this as a training option for workshops to make sure everyone is on the same system &amp; we remove any variables with their laptops. Please RT
RT I've seen more founders realizing that while they could be successful w/o a community/people-first approach, t…
Look at you and that 4wk old growth on your face
RT Come hang out with your fellow Dev Relians! #devrel
But, you know, no one has been a better friend to, or loved, the military more than Trump. &lt;/smh&gt;
It was recorded, so I'll make sure you see it.
I appreciate it Nathan. Keep going, each day.
Thanks Dustin. I really appreciate it. 🙏
RT A wild during closing keynote!
Thank you Abbey!
RT This was an amazing, vulnerable talk. is one of us. 💙
Countdown to the closing keynote at in ~20min, 250p ET, in Room C202/203 where I will be talking about my journey in tech with undiagnosed ADHD, and then the last year or so after diagnosis
We are a wild generation that's for sure
RT Cool exchange here between Travis Kelce and #Chargers rookie DL Scott Matlock after Sunday's game. Love stuff like thi…
RT Wait, what?
Thank you!!
RT Netanyahu. Here ya go:
Has anyone tried any of the Harry Potter incantations?
I had this same issue for awhile. Reboots would help on MacOS, but then I started using these to kick off the new WiFi network Apple iOS and macOS: Microsoft Windows: Google Android and Chrome:
RT If you are heading to a #meetup, a #tech #conference or any kind of tech meeting desiring to get results from your attendance.…
Well shit Alyssa. Let me know if I can be of any help or make any introductions for you.
Congrats! 💪🎉
Hello from over here at #ConnectTech in Atlanta! Been awhile since I was on Signal Mountain, but those are great views.
Oh Jess! This sounds like great news!!! Glad to hear you've gotten a lot of answers, and can't wait to hear about it all.
Even if they aren't, the rest of us are
RT BREAKING: Attorney General William Barr tonight directed immigration judges to deny bond hearings to asylum seekers. Our Constit…
Such an underrated film!
That's their CoC?
"So long, and thanks for all the fish."
That's 0700 CDT.... Seems about right. What's the saying? "Birds gotta bird"?
I knew I liked Brandon
RT We're happy to announce that our #DevOpsDays speaker lineup is live!
Code of conduct, diversity of speakers, past swag, sponsorships of underprivileged groups to attend, etc.
Looking forward to it!
Oh I can relate...
He should ask her...
Hmm will check 😊
Yay! So excited and happy for you!
RT (THREAD) Media misreporting of the Mueller Report in the lead-up to its release has reached a fevered pitch—and could cha…
Good speaking tip
This is also how members were able to view the FISA report, and those who did oddly seemed to stop stressing false rumours. As a point of reference, Nunes did not read it.
That was a fun conference, and yes, she did rock it!
Such a great movie! I assumed you were making a specific reference to a binary and not adapting the phrase..
I feel seen. And attacked.
RT Two more days to get your speaker submissions in for CMX Summit 2019!
RT Here is a list of ~100 front end conferences you should consider.
RT #DontSpoilTheEndgame
RT The four pillars of #devrel are outreach, community, product, and education/support:
So these aren't all CC BY, but have a similar license: - Shopify Burst - - - -
RT You can create your own API style guide, based on custom rules and functions, to lint your API specification document with…
State of Developer Relations 2019 #devrel
Meet K Rain Leander #devrel
Quasimodo cradling his beloved Notre Dame is how one artist drew her response to the cathedral fire
On point... And happened to me more than a few times
Thank you for sharing. Transparency, even when it requires us to share where we f&amp;%^#^$ up, is a value which pays dividends. Often you don't see the return on that, but it does. This story will touch someone - heck it's touched me! - and will make an impact. We got you David!
RT 7y/o: I think I know a swear word Me: Oh yes, what is it? 7y/o: You want me to just say it? Me: Yes, it’s OK. 7y/o &lt;lo…
RT I heard this outside of my window and found this. Notre Dame is being serenaded. Honestly, it’s more moving than I coul…
RT The majesty of Notre Dame—the history, artistry, and spirituality—took our breath away, lifting us to a higher understan…
RT It's a good day to remember what Ben Franklin meant to say: Nothing is certain except debt and taxes.
FoxNews is playing on 3 TVs in the lobby of this Marriott in Phoenix... So I'm outside with Modest Mouse playing on the outdoor speaker. #winning
So just like 'Murica!
Countdown to the FoxNews spin on this one...
RT Building a good developer experience for noobs is hard because those building it have a mental model which the users don't…
RT OK, I finally lost it completely: Parisians singing hymns as Notre Dame burns.
RT Crazy photo of the altar inside Notre Dame, by Reuters' Philippe Wojazer
RT Watching a middle school performance yesterday got me thinking about what I see in professionalization of community leadership.…
Did it taste like it as well?
RT The droidcon UK call for papers is calling out for content! If you've got an Android-themed talk you'd like to share al…
RT Notre Dame is one of the world’s great treasures, and we’re thinking of the people of France in your time of grief. It’s i…
RT You may not like him personally, you may not appreciate him professionally, but you have to hand it to him — he won today…
RT Here’s the moment the spire of the Notre Dame cathedral collapsed. A massive fire is burning the iconic Catholic landmark in Pari…
RT
RT Dr. Katie Bouman, who led the creation of an algorithm that helped capture the first ever image of a black hole, tells us w…
There are multiple people hacking up lungs on this flight, one next to me. It's likely a complete disinfection of the plane and all passengers will be required. AMA.
Truth. America is a nation where _any_ religion is FREE to exist, and not ONE takes preeminence. The fact that some people can't get this through their skulls shows they have a problem with the Constitution. You can't pick and choose what you're going to like/not like from it.
So happy for you! You deserve the rest and relaxation!
That is a good progression, nay an upgrade!
What's that saying about history repeating itself...?
RT So strange I never saw people count the lines of code Steve Jobs or Elon Musk have written 🤔
Narrator: That wasn't the only thing he bankrupted....
RT Pelosi: “The memory of 9/11 is sacred ground, and any discussion of it must be done with reverence. The President shouldn’t us…
#winning
RT Completely unacceptable.
RT (THREAD) As we near the release of a heavily redacted Mueller Report, it's time to ask one of the *biggest* questions of…
The morning bartender at the DTW Chili's automatically starts pouring a Guinness whenever she sees me stroll in.
As good as the first was, the second I felt was better.
Let's play a little game here. If this were President Obama who {wouldn't release his taxes | &lt;insert any of Trump's multitude of issues&gt;}, what would the GOP be doing? I'll give you 100 chances to answer, the first 99 don't count.
And that was their first mistake... They had artichokes.
I know, right?
Is it? If so I further reject this as it obviously negatively affected me and this can't be trusted
Exactly. If you wanted to make yourself sick or torture yourself there's always Bud Ice. This filth is just nonsense.
So is Pepto Bismol... Still nope.
I actually vomited in my mouth when I read it... There was no dry heaving..
No. No. No. And no.
I don't think it is as an actual "shot", but having helium cannisters there with a hose would do the trick. 😋😂
Just finished watching #IntoTheSpiderverse for the first time... Amazing! This quote by the late Stan Lee is just as good and we should all take note of it.
RT Another good story worth sharing: From one "kid from Akron" to a new generation of Akron kids, some remarkable early achie…
Ok... These _are_ tears...
Plenty of time until London to source these out...
I wish... Was at my sister's 40th BD party and my oldest was sucking helium and being told to sing and it came to me as a great idea.
That's great! Next time I'll warn you and you can wave!
New rule for #devrelkaraoke - must take a shot of helium before singing.
One of the things I enjoy about flying through SLC is the fantastic view on approach
RT "Bill Barr is not the attorney general of the United States. He is the Roy Cohn whom The Donald has craved since become…
RT One of the ugly aftermaths of 9/11 that is too often ignored is the codified profiling of Muslim-Americans solely bc of their fait…
I get it from my daughter who has watched every single episode, and quite a few of them multiple times.
Just leave the lotion bottles alone
The reason I don't do 5k runs
Narrator: 👇⬇️👇⬇️
Geez... Couldn't be more accurate.
RT President Trump's inflammatory and dangerous rhetoric towards Ilhan Omar is jeopardizing her safety. He is deliberately putt…
I would think things would be much simpler using with your Jekyll static site which will automatically build after pushing to your git repo, and your Let's Encrypt and private domain are all taken care of. For free. Zeit does look to be very similar as well though.
I enjoy as well... And I don't dribble. It may have something to do with a desire to drink moonshine out of a mason jar. Kinda like acting cool.
Electrical tape is good for severed fingers, with duct tape being preferred.
Not exactly a mini-bottle but I think this will do. Water bottle for scale.
Krazy glue (of sorts) is used in hospitals... #PerfectlyReasonable
RT Random thought: dev advocates are like factotums. We can situationally take on the role of product, eng, sales, marketing,…
RT Do you have thoughts and feels about chaos engineering? Please take a few minutes to fill out this survey, which will hel…
TAKE MY MONIES!!!!
RT Women have always been at the forefront of technology and we always will be. 😎
RT Nifty free software news: the imaging software used by the Event Horizon Telescope, which was able to record the first picture of…
NPS should only be used _if_ you're going to follow back up and give them things to do
RT SF DevRel folks: #DevRel Get-together Take 2 for the week is happening! Meet us upstairs at Forgery at 6pm, 1525 Mission St…
What an asshat... I would totally say something to him. Having worked behind the bar (coffee bar.. but still) I have no patience for those douchenozzles
Sadly, on point.
For a really good breakdown of all that's happened with #TrumpRussia and what Barr and Trump are trying to change the narrative on, read this thread with all publicly available info.
#NoRegrets #AlwaysAFirst #StillNotHappening
You are completely mistaken. They had free drinks and appetizers.
#MyEyesCantStopRolling
"You have a right to be wrong." The fact you feel the need to exercise that right is on you.
That you feel the need to subject your mind, soul, and body to this. For the place you find yourself in that makes this where you have landed.
Absolutely. And it sounds like you really don't feel guilty.
I thought that was "unpopular opinion"?
I'm sorry.
RT Putting this out there for anyone else who might need it today... When you're struggling to make progress on a project, re…
RT #Anthos is about bringing your apps to your data. When you need hybrid-cloud / multi-cloud data distributed, check out Sola…
TIL real bees wearing fake top hats is a thing
RT CONCLUSION/ When journalists know certain facts are wrong from prior reporting, they're *obligated* not to *amplify* the…
Congratulations to the team! This is an amazing accomplishment! #pagerdutyipo
My kids were 4-6
Confessions of a nervous public speaker #devrel
Yes! Fantastic quote! 👏👏👏👏
RT “Implementing devops is not a thing” - #DevOpsDaysATL Seriously people. Get it.
Please join me in wishing Happy 40th Birthday to my awesome, amazing (and younger) sister
So awesome. Also, Sauron.
You already are.
RT I support the Goldwater Rule. But President's health, mental or physical, is a matter not only of public interest but of…
Just as the other idea of electric-charged shoulder pads... The next evolution here is obviously lasers.
RT Save the date! September is not that far away. The Future Developer Summit 2019 is coming on 24-25 September. Interested i…
This is pretty fantastic, and stokes the fire even more for #AvengersEndgame
Wait... How close is it to the chicken/egg conspiracy? Because I feel like I've seen this play out before on one of the CSI's.
#GoogleNext19 #DockerCon19 #MSBuild19 #IoTWorld #WriteTheDocsPDX And that's just the next month... #DevDiscuss
RT 🎤 Speaker submissions are now open for CMX Summit 2019! Have valuable insights on building community that you'd like to…
RT Heyo! My first in a 4-part series about dev community collaboration was published today on blog, featuring…
No... Print it... Choose as PDF...
RT Interested in Developer Relations? Never even heard of DevRel, but curious about it? 🚀 Postman is hosting this month's dis…
RT Calling all developer advocates 🥑 that use Carbon at work 📢 If you have some time I would love to chat how to make Carbon b…
RT At #GoogleNext19? Come talk to the Solace team at booth S1221! --&gt;
Also, no. Can't explain it.
Save as PDF...? Also, I read that first as "edible PDFs"
"Sugar-free" in some products has a propensity to cause diarrhea...
. educating us on "API Management for Serverless and Multi-Cloud" at #GoogleNext19
Oh I'll eat it... I love rolling the dice
Narrator: Nope. Nope. Nope. I'm done. Spider can have the dang place. I'll even still pay the mortgage.
Yeah I think that's what I have as well
Holy craaaaaappppp.... 😮🔥🙌
Cloning. Works every time.
Was great to see you as well!
Fascinating thread (follow the first linked thread in the first post for background). I love sushi but this is very disturbing
4 full page ad for #GoogleNext19 - let's get this going today! If you're around come find me at the booth or around Moscone the next few days.
Much better
Good thread on principles of community
Sounds like you need to dream a little bigger with your plans
Oh no... I did this a few weeks ago. Prayers for kid
RT Communities are rarely a finished product. There will always be raw edges and things that can be revised. This is part of t…
More of that language Cap! #AvengersEndgame
RT 🥰 SO happy to announce: I'm going FULL-TIME on after 5 years of it being a side project! To every…
RT Our team is headed to San Francisco for #GoogleNext19! 😍 Stop by booth S1221 to learn how we can help connect your
RT Our API Network includes tons of Postman Collections that you can download into your instance of Postman, so you can sta…
They're not wrong....
Oh no that is definitely an improvement on the scale of #crappycorporateapps
TFW you have to use #WebEx and you know already it's going to suck.. and then it does and yet everyone continues to use it.
RT “Time-to-value is this interesting concept of how long does it take someone to hit that first milestone after they’ve…
The four pillars of developer relations #devrel
Meet Cristiano Betta #devrel
Profound Profound.
Indeed it is. This probably ends well.
There is a Jack-in-the-box around the corner from my SF hotel... 🌮🍔
We use them and cast iron when camping (personal and Boy Scout) and make some amazing things in them and they clean right up nicely.
Coarse sea salt works really well and is a bit softer than steel wool, especially when combined with Scotch-Brite scour pads (the green ones)
Kinda feel like he should have known already?
Yep. Baking soda is perfect for cleaning those food particle spots that are extra tricky.
And when treated with care and respect, it pays you back tenfold. Kinda like other things. Really, cast iron is a perfect analogy for relationships. Never put your SO in the dishwasher, with age and conditioning they get smoother, and always care and respect them. Makes sense.
I have reconditioned cast iron skillets so many times over the years that I have seriously thought about doing it as a service. Think of the money to be made!
Propaganda tool for the Windmill Lobby
RT The *real* story here is the White House Chief of Staff, in the full quote (see clip at link), conceding that Trump "coul…
Interesting, as the law is quite clear, and subpoena's aren't toilet paper you wipe your insolent arse with. But good luck with that.
I feel attacked. #Winning
I went through them... Except for one I saved for the next flight
Yay!!
Fuck. Yeah me too. Damn it. Maybe that'll be my new work laptop whenever I find the new job. I'll put it as part of negotiations.
It's fricking cool, and sounds amazing
Remember: ACCESSIBILITY is a right. NOT a privilege. We all will reach a point where we will need assistive technology, so make it matter now. Can find his slides at - at
Accessible websites accomplish most of the goals of POUR. “Looks good on my machine” is a bullshit response, because it’s not your machine that matters here. The needs of users with disabilities should be considered first and foremost. - at
And a wild appears in talk at
3. Understandable: Error messages: use identifiable error msgs 4. Robust: Use semantic HTML (&lt;div&gt; has no semantic meaning.. use correct elements in the correct places); Buttons: use the button element, accessible right out of the box. - at
2. Keyboard navigation: methods other than mouse; Notifications (extend time for users); Navigation: visible focus indicators &amp; logical tab order; Labels: visible text &amp; programmatic text large enough to view. Hover: unexpected changes are failures… - at
Examples: 1. Perceivable: alt text in images to convey your message; captions and subtitles for video and audio (live or closed); form fields that don’t have perceivable error messages; color usage on text and UI/UX (4.5:1 ratio is bare minimum) - at
“But.. why care about accessible content?” Because it helps everybody, &amp; the right thing to do. Also a _large_ market of potential $$$ (what C-suite really care about) Ask yourself, “Who do you want to exclude today?” when making content for the web - at
More principles of #accessibility - Understandable (use clear, plain language, describe acronyms, etc… Even the accessibility guidelines for WCAG aren’t accessible 🤪😭. Might be in 2028 though 😠) - Robust (interpretable by assistive tech) [cont….] - at
Some core principles of #accessibility when working with websites: - Perceivable (USE alt TAGS FFS), - Operable, (try using your keybd to navigate once in awhile, or flashing content that triggers migraines - glad the &lt;blink&gt; tag is gone) [cont…] - at
Finally getting WCAG 2.2 out after _8_ years was a labor of love, and there was much rejoicing because it was about damn time. WCAG3 in 2028? Who knows. Certainly not at since he hopes to be retired before then. #ConnectTech
The Four Principles of the A “POUR” calypse: at is up in the UI/UX/Design track at #ConnectTech “Four” is the number of focus in Todd’s talk, because of course there’s Death, Famine, War, and Conquest in Javascript. Or not. It’s just the number he’s using
RT This is not what America looks like, it’s what Republicans WANT America to look like (ideally with even fewer women).
Kicking off we have dropping some knowledge on thriving as a Developer in the Age of AI
We’re almost there…. kicking off any moment now! Shout out to and for putting on the 11th (!!!) year of this great community conference! 👏
Hi!!
Utah's not too bad either
On my way to #GoogleCloudNext... Here's some great pictures of the Colorado Rockies to pass the time.
Our kids always know when we have someone coming over.
Nano. Don't @ me.
A couple things. 1) call it a LIE! 2) Who is he pandering to by saying this? I wonder... 🤔
Which is near the time she switched to
Night is young. Gotta have goals.
AHH good call on the Band-Aids.
Not sure I need to answer that? Seems self-explanatory.
Living vicariously through you both tonight. Don't let us down! We are counting on you!
This. So much.
RT This is the language used by Nazis against Jews ("vermin"), Hutus against Tutsis ("cockroaches") and American slaveowner…
So you may need to add a footnote for all of the sociopaths that haven't read it so they don't totally feel left out. Judged, yes. Left out, no.
Makes sense... Love the Harry Potter reference and it is a great metaphor
Yeah I'm on about 2 months
This is like a pro and a con all rolled into one tweet
Stop going on Facebook. You'll thank me later.
Agreed.
Geez... It's already been 25 years? 😢
RT Community building is hard. It can look warm &amp; fuzzy from outside, but you're taking on a lot of emotional labor &amp; there's…
I am so much dumber after reading this thread with the _exact_ transcript of Trump's speech at the NRCC the other night. So much rambling, so many lies, so much dementia. Can't say we weren't warned...
It really is fantastic!
Enjoy!
RT When was president, he released his tax returns every year by April 15th while he was being audited. (IRS rout…
RT We often remark on 45's appreciation of authoritarian leaders, but this is straight up genocidal. Like textbook.
One of my favourite soundtracks
And then when they do... It becomes a Three Stooges scene?
RT Make time for your community... not just for the in-person or online events, but for pre- and post-production tasks.
They don't need any more encouragement
Oddly terrifying and also makes some sense.
I'm not on the team. So I pick The Doctor.
But Marvel... So better bullshit
Believe me...
Me at the moment...
No, would never say that. Totally out of fear of course.
RT Don't try to be everything for everyone. You'll not only exhaust yourself, (#burnout), but you'll find yourself in competit…
RT As a conference organizer, it's important to have a diverse speaking panel, not just in gender and race, but in background.…
RT This talk hit hard. We as #DevRel professionals often struggle to connect with our own communities in our "home" locations…
Yep - yours made perfect sense to me.
Yeah - I'm waiting for Jess's response
Heh - yeah. I really thought about mixing them around, but instead took them as they appeared in my " list. Whether or not I intended on moving yours around will remain a mystery.
I know, right? Has me chuckling on a few. But you are Iron Man.
Which fits with his request to speed up the confirmation hearings for his nomination of IRS head
Create your #AvengersEndgame team with the 1st @ who appears IronMan Cap Thor Hulk Hawkeye BlackWidow AntMan WarMachine Rocket CaptMarvel
I grew up with my relatives saying Supper in the Southern US, and us saying Dinner in the Midwest US. So 🤷‍♂️... As long as there's food I don't care what the time of day is called.
RT By committing to the way that you show up to each gathering &amp; choosing to re-commit to that covenant at the beginning of ea…
RT Going to #GoogleNext19 in SF next week? 🌁 Ask us how we can help you connect your apps with the rest of your e…
RT Rather than discriminating based on background, what would happen if we opened ourselves up to learning from each other's e…
If you're in #NYC and love (or want to love) #React then check out this new meetup -
RT I know some of y’all have Jekyll blogs. Day 4 of #AzureApril!
My first Bad Voltage live show... Fantastic!
RT We had a fantastic #KafkaSummit yesterday and it was great meeting all those working with Event-Driven messaging. For more…
Good to see the echo chamber is alive and well in the comments
#IHeardIt
RT It's of talks life on-call and family. We go pretty deep and learn a ton about how a tech…
#ILikeToUseReallyLongHashtagsSoThatPeopleHaveToReallyPayAttention #thoughsometimesidoallinlowercaselikeasavage
Frog all teh things
Daughter is going through all of my stickers to put on her school computer and journal
Puerto Rican's are American Citizens.
This should be law, regardless of Party
Top 6 Goat Parody's -
Continuing on my 🐐 theme for today, I give you Taylor Swift Goats -
Wait... I thought you were supposed to pick up your favorite beverage and hold on tight for the ride?
Celine Dion Goats Video 3 -
Celine Dion Goats Video 2 -
A coworker hadn't heard of Celine Dion Goats... and so I of course had to share it with him... and now I am laughing hysterically and literally crying. I needed this today. Video 1 -
Keep in mind it is now required that you sing your chosen song at the next #DevRelKaraoke
RT I've come back to this tweet many times since publishing the last episode of Whether you have a backgroun…
I just registered for Microsoft Build 2019! See you in Seattle! #msbuild
Yes Mr. Lyft driver, I (the lone passenger clearly waiting for you with no other traffic or living being in sight) will walk the 60ft to where you've decided to park. Don't worry.
Did they acquire one recently?
RT This is probably one of the best examples of how communities form. #DevRel folks should take note.
When your flight is delayed an hour, and you already were at the airport an hour earlier than needed because you did the timezone conversion so you knew what time it was at home and could figure out the flight time.....
RT This is very much along the lines of “sales is everyone’s responsibility” but why we still have sales teams. Same concept…
RT Organizations can make or break people. As builders of organizations, our decisions can carry far reaching implications for peo…
Men have been "running" the world for millennia, and look where that has gotten us. I think it's about time we step aside.
I would say he's just pulling things out of his arse at this point, but that toilet has flushed. At this point he's got to be reaching up into his gall bladder - and his base buys it. Seems the largely Evangelical rejection of science over the years is finally paying dividends.
RT "Resources to help independent developers make money." from cc
If Andy Warhol was a developer...
Finally. Someone takes the blame.
RT How to excel at #devrel: make selfies with the audience, speakers and the MC (basically everyone 😄) #conference #CodemotionA…
We know you will. That's what scares us.
Oh this is exciting!
Some great things to track as you start up a new #community
RT 1. Modify The Most Recent Commit 2. Interactively Add Selected Parts of Files 3. Interactively Stash Selected Parts of…
No.
RT Facts: - Puerto Ricans are Americans. - Puerto Ricans have not received $91 billion in aid. - Puerto Rico is still wa…
Absolutely not what the world needs
Unique way to summarise your talk by Jorge Esteban Quilcate Otoya at #kafkasummit "Making Sense of Your Event-Driven Dataflows"
RT Picard management tip: It takes hard work to become a master at single-tasking.
Oh forgot about crumpets...
English muffins. And muffin tops are muffins.. you pluck them off the stem like a mushroom.
Agree with this sentiment. And by extension muffins are better than bread.
You got it
RT Read about our involvement in the program that's being called a "building block in the construction of a secure environme…
RT Are you at the #KafkaSummit today in NYC? Come say "Hi!" to the Solace team! 👋🏽 Learn more about Solace with
This is why the platform should have customised experiences.... Non-logged in users should see things to get them started, while logged in should see ways to quickly participate. Heck even having a journey easily visible helps to show what the next step should be.
You spelled "get to" wrong.
Good to finally put a live body to the online presence! #DevRelLife
PSA: When saying "paradigm shift" make sure you include the "f"
The Event Streaming Paradigm shift to Event Streaming Platform at #kafkasummit
. discussing the paradigm shift in cloud and event streaming at #kafkasummit
#kafkasummit kicking off right now
What boring, illegitimate games of Monopoly have you two been playing all these years?
So "Mr. Death Warmed Over" (Miller) isn't cutting it and he needs some fresh ideas? That's a bit scary tbh.
Narrator: *spits coffee out of mouth while falling to the floor in laughter* (Because it's true.)
#ScotchEggForLife
RT Pretty sure we don't need April Fool's anymore as we live in a nonsense time where nothing makes sense everyone importa…
RT Community professionals are leaders in the eyes of your members/customers. So they need to also be in leadership positio…
RT We could write up a post about how we've created sentient APIs which can fix and improve on their own developer experience…
RT Dear conference organizers. Please never ever apologize for having a code of conduct. As someone who was followed to her ro…
That was yesterday... Today it will be big bottles.
RT 🎶 If you like drinking mini-bottles.... and being caught on a plane If you're not into boba, if you might be into blockch…
RT We're ready for the #KafkaSummit tomorrow in NYC! Come by our booth and ask how we help with event distribution for
RT Once a year the world says "thank you" to developer advocates and evangelists, and even pretends to understand what th…
RT Back to how it should be
And with two of us there it will double the request importance
TIL that honking horns power the traffic in NYC
I feel like she'd be as much fun, but different.
Dat #DevRelLife
Yeah, but who's the person behind you also taking a selfie?
RT A great place to start with Let's Encrypt is with #certbot.
Meet Anthony Kiplimo #devrel
Don't undersell it... That rock outcropping looks comfortable and inviting.
Wazza! What an amazing goal!
Good morning NYC - excited for #kafkasummit tomorrow! Who's coming with me?
This is not an April Fool's joke.
. I found the next topic for your podcast
RT The best argument against male supremacy and/or white supremacy are the white males on Twitter who argue for it.
I lost how many Tylenol capsules I took working with Xconfig in those days
I'm a tad bit older... 😀😂 And I bought an external USB 3.5" drive for this very reason. I do still have 2 Zip drives with some cartridges I should probably investigate at some point, though I need a parallel-to-usb connector
I wish I had kept the old 8" standalone box drives I had and used, along with the 5.25" ones as well.
Yeah that is the reason that they didn't stick around long... I know I busted a few floppies. Also didn't see myself saying that phrase today.
I miss my Sparc20
Ah ok then.
Wait... You're supposed to work out?
Cool, that'd be great!
Any folks around in NYC hit me up.. here for #kafkasummit and would love to hang.
Mean Girls was awesome! I don't know what you're talking about!
And the third made me so hopeful
Remove this off the list of things to do this weekend
I loves the 3rd... The 2nd was just fodder for the last.
Ahh... MSAccess... Those were the days.
RT . says "his party" may have a "big problem" with Biden's conduct. But what does it say about our party that…
I used to have this actually... Miss it so much sometimes.
This is my life.
The Electoral College has served its purpose and should be retired
Oh come on... The weekend isn't even over yet.
I'm planning on watching it again soon, even introduce my oldest to it for the first time
Sometimes you just gotta know your role... 😂🤣
I saw the movie 7 times in the theater.. I kept finding friends who hadn't seen it, and I had to take them to experience their experience seeing it for the first time.
Actually sounds like you are planning for a party. Sounds fun!
Just finally finished The Umbrella Academy... Fantastic, especially the last few episodes.
I got to the checkout line and had to go run back and get them because I realized that's what I had originally come there for
Tequila. Also Mr. Brightside.
RT FULL TIME! delivers a record-breaking performance in a 7-1 win over ✅ hat-tric…
When you go to the store to get Q-Tips...
RT Today, BlackBerry is thrilled to announce the launch of the Secure #IoT Accelerator in partnership with
RT Donald Trump is: 1) "a billionaire" but you can't see his taxes 2) "a genius" but you can't see his grades 3) "exonerat…
Witch makes Delta better of course
Oh I never miss a chance at snacks...
Wait... Free alcohol in Comfort+? 🤔😲 Why did I not know this already?
Helps if I included "the breakdown"....
Here's the breakdown. Whatever you have after the status match you keep on the way to the next level. And Delta allows rollover miles, so whatever you had accrued at the end of the year carries over and kickstarts you for the new year. United you lose your miles I believe?
Yes you would start there and have three months to meet the requirements otherwise it would kick you back to the base with the mileage you had accrued I believe. I gave them a call and they explained it pretty well when I was about to make the switch
Yeah same here... #OnceYouGoDeltaYouNeverGoBack
Hold your horses there... March isn't over yet!
I did the same though I was United Premier, and was given Delta Silver Medallion and had 3 months to meet the requirements to have it through the rest of this year. I easily met that and now have it through the rest of next year and will hit Gold by probably September.
#MannyDoge always covers his nose when he sleeps
Code of Conduct's are necessary for conferences, communities, etc.
RT We'll be there next week at #KafkaSummit NYC! 🗽 Stop by and ask us how we make it easier to connect your
RT The cruelty is the point. It appeals to his supporters. Sick, but true.
And then you could just sit in a lawn chair on the side and poke fun at it
RT No it is not unreasonable to expect men to stop raping people. I’ve gone my whole life without raping. It’s been unsurprisingly…
This. 👇 The patriarchy has always doubled down on the need to control what women wear or do while limiting the responsibility of the patriarchy for actions against women.
RT We're so excited to be a part of &amp; Secure #IoT Accelerator launch, alongside 🎊 T…
You're a white guy with a US Passport. You'll be fine.
Sociopaths, all of them.
Yes. We need to stop this practice. Yesterday.
He also likes to insert his head into pics on tweets... Be careful.
RT When you work remotely, a sick day looks remarkably similar to a normal working day...
Hey - we know that you do not care but it doesn't stop us from wishing you did
Looks like they got the lighting correct
That could be an option
Hey is it "reach around" or "reacharound"?
Oh right. Ok. Then I'll go find those for you
I think so? It's an ADHD talk called, "Confessions of an ADHD-fueled technologi... SQUIRREL!"
Yeah, well... I'm giving a talk this week at Connect Tech in Atlanta where I'm reminiscing some on the 70s and 80s tech I grew up on. So, I guess I asked for it.
And probably a negroni or a natural wine while on the walk
Oh geez... I thought I could get through the rest of my days without thinking about Musicmatch Jukebox, but no. Thanks Christina. 🤣😭
OH: This strap on is stuck
OH: I need a strap on... my guitar
RT The most reasonable thing I’ve read in this site in weeks. Worth your time.
Oh candy corn is good alright
RT Say it with me now. “Platform Engineering” is simply putting a label on building a product that is an abstraction on to…
Here I come ... This year is gonna hit differently
Scotty has to go
You did it to yourself
Feel this, but for me it was cataracts this year at age 46 (though I've had corrective lenses since I was 5)
Well, as luck would have it....
We are honored to work alongside of you
Yeah, you could be _drinking_ cinnamon coffee.
Happy Birthday in advance. I love coasters.
RT Retweet if you stand with our friend against these baseless attacks.
RT APIs should have style guides with rules and be reviewed to ensure they are descriptive, readable, and concise for the deve…
This is a great project from - being able to lint and validate documents also makes it valuable for today and beyond! Great work by the team, and for driving this forward!
Answer in 1 word. CORRECT.
RT A corporate company that provides free snacks and ping pong tables is still a corporate company.
RT Every fact sourced. 2,000 major-media citations. Zero errors found in more than 4 months in stores. The correct use of le…
I've done a few hours but then those chairs make me uncomfortable and I have to find somewhere else.
Barr's letter exonerated American journalism, not Trump | Opinion
You're forgetting Sightglass, the best coffee shop in SF. May not be close by. But...
It is not OK. Thank you for putting this out there very concisely.
RT March 26, 1948, 71 yrs ago today: Someone had to do it.
RT You've probably heard of #servicemesh, but what about #eventmesh? Learn how the two can compliment each other, and how a…
RT "If there’s one thing I have learned by now, it’s that there’s always someone in the community who can answer the questions I…
Heh... Fun times! With that many in a row, kinda makes you want to know what was said, right?
RT Ole’s at the wheel! We can confirm that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been appointed as #MUFC manager.
RT Senator Lee, you’re the most embarrassing part of a storied American institution. You are the Senate’s Jar Jar Binks.…
RT We’ll never know. #AlterEgo #LSSC
Yeah nostalgia for late 90s / early 2000s was tonight... Some nights it's 70s, 80s, and 90s.
Yes, that was the year. We absorbed that cooler that night, and I had to hit up Wally World to refill for the next night.
Ahh that was a great one... The Mezcal was flowing that night
Oh perfect that's just a short walk from my hotel
This playlist got me right where I need to be tonight, hitting all the nostalgic buttons
I will be in New York City next week so let me know where and I shall have to try for myself
ERMAHGERD! Better than at The Water Poet? Because those were amazing...
A must-read for companies at conferences. Developers hate getting emails about your product. Be a good citizen and instead have some conversations and you'll get your MQLs and HVLs - and they'll be more valuable. Stop having a metric of how many scans you get at a dev conference
Having lived through this as a GOP supporter, the would have frickin' lost their ever-loving minds...
Hah... doesn't care.
Good thread on what the legal terms "proof", "indictment", and "conviction" actually mean
The Equalizer Up Your Bum Man on Fire Up Your Bum The Magnificent Seven Up Your Bum #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum What is it about Denzel movies that make that so perfect and snort-inducingly funny?
A shower and a shave will certainly sort that right out for him
Boys, boys....
Up. Up Your Bum. #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum
Come say "Hi!" at Kafka Summit NYC!
If you can like your own tweets you should be able to like your own stories
RT If you're confused about whether you need to be technical (aka have a dev background) or tech-savvy (e.g. be able to h…
I heard is an option
So much all of this. Thank you for putting it all into words (and a #gif or two). We can all do better.
This gonna be good!
Meet Grace Francisco #devrel
RT We couldn't be happier to be joining 🎉 "The #eventmesh is an exemplary step in the right direction if we…
RT ❤️ Announcing our latest integration: Deploy your projects directly to
RT "I refuse to join any club that would describe itself as Instagrammable" - Groucho Devloper.
#Barrnotes
Hey and - maybe now would be a good time to look at your ridiculous Verified process which results in qualified women being passed over but unqualified men getting it
Now this I can get behind, because nothing makes me want to listen to what someone has to say than for them to be a "Thought Leader"!
😀 It's because it's real - I took a selfie and posted it. Much more personal and you feel better about it now.
Some fun, light-hearted reading into Trump Org investigations going back 20+ years
😀 That's why I go for them at the beginning... really sets the mood.
Congratulations! That's a great win!
I believe it's a carrier customisation on Android phones... It's been a bit since I did that but I do know it's a flag.
the OS of the phone throws a certain feature flag when hotspot is enabled so they do know. Some will pay attention and some will not but they do know the traffic
Tips For First Time Speakers via
What he says
I suggest watching this TED talk
RT Full disclosure: I've never been a developer or software engineer. I have a journalism background. I know some HTML, markdo…
Well... Depends on where you're at... And yeah, it is maddening
Technical? Or Tech-Savvy? (Ep 34) #devrel #community
That seems to be a popular opinion
Correct. This whole thing smells. The person being investigated shouldn't be allowed to appoint his own person to head up the investigation without them being recused, and said Individual-1 shouldn't be allowed to redact their own investigation report.
Are you #mansplaining to Jay?
Ahh this is why I love
Yeah this is pretty bad and further brings into question the nonpartisan nature of the "summary" which clearly was written for the President and not for Congress
You have a hotspot on your phone?
If would recognise awesome women in tech like then we wouldn't have to see it in 's name
RT Unpopular opinion: Any opinion interesting enough to make a compelling tweet is unpopular with someone. Yet that label is only app…
RT I saw an "unpopular opinion" tweet recently about speaking at conferences being a waste of time. I couldn't disagree more…
The emotions... Avoid them 😅😎
Marie Kondo it...
RT STATEMENT: Bill to restore #NetNeutrality passes key committee vote as tens of thousands of Internet users tune in to l…
My voicemail message is "I'm sorry this mailbox is full."
I've been to Auschwitz three times and things like this infuriate me beyond belief
Echo chamber ftw
problem is there are too many that have this very same view...
Yeah a complete... "I'm sorry I got found out..."
I guess we could talk about your WaWa habit....
And so on brand
So I'm a bit confused... "Sorry" for what exactly? For being shown to be insensitive and misogynistic? Or that you got caught?
I don't think he gets it...
And because of that... Not happening
. on 🔥 tonight!
That's one way to handle them
Would be revolutionary and never done before! Oh wait....
Rocking as always is
Oh did finally pick a Hangouts replacement?
In all fairness... judging by who is verified that might push you over the hump
RT Developer Advocacy is about being a trusted voice for the communities you're a part of *within* the company you work at, no…
Ohh.... Look what #iot fun I'm about to have
Good breakdown thread of the #BarrLetter which was suspicious from the moment it was released.
Men. Grow the f#$k up. The species has evolved past the neanderthal stage... keep up. This behavior is not ok and if I see it I'll call you out.
RT New webinar inbound! shows us how you can grown your career as a community professional. Register free today! March 28t…
RT (NEW) The *twenty* active Trump investigations, many addressing multinational collusion: ✅SDNY ✅EDNY ✅EDVA ✅USAO-DC ✅NYC…
Solid thread on credibility and character in #devrel
Chess
Kenya is awesome!
That version has extra special coolness that they don't want to put on the packaging but which will give you the edge over everyone else using the inferior, cheaper model
RT Hey all - I just announced a new, free meetup on March 27 at noon ET featuring the always entertaining showing how to build chat bots. Join us!
RT How do you know if someone uses Arch Linux? Don’t worry, they’ll tel…
Completely agree with you mate! I've seen some that are great (Campus Experts does come to mind) and then others which are less than...
Do champion programmes harm motivation? #devrel
1. Can't wait. I need warm weather badly. 2. Geez... I miss my sports car. Take pictures so I can live vicariously through your car
As long as you use Cobra Commander in the blog in some way... 🤩
Bring it on! You got this!
300 baud coupler to connect to BBSs, quickly moving to a 2400 baud modem, which was before connecting to the internet
RT As you evaluate information &amp; reporting on the Mueller report over the next few days, remember that everything we are hearing…
RT Here is a link to the letter we received from Attorney General Barr. Seems like the Department of Justice is putting ma…
You need anything you know how/where to find me
The #BarrSummary is not equal to the #MuellerReport - they are 2 different things. The Summary comes from Trump's handpicked AG and echoes Trump's words but doesn't jive with the reality of &gt;100 indictments, multiple guilty pleas, and multiple convictions... Something's up...
RT How long will it be before someone on television realizes that *all the accusations of collusion* that were coming from T…
Alka-seltzer followed by fruit and proteins
And we have a number of his associates who pleased guilty to conspiracy and lying... So it strikes me as odd what Barr is summarising here
Not sure I agree... We only have the summary that Barr wrote not the #MuellerReport itself, plus he didn't exonerate anyone. There are indictments still sealed, and multiple ongoing investigations in multiple jurisdictions. Trump isn't out of the water yet.
By the very definition of Executive Privilege it wouldn't apply. Doesn't mean they won't try and make SCOTUS rule, and seeing as O'Connell stole a seat that could get interesting.
When you need to say something silently, but emphatically.
I ran out of thumbs
Good luck.
Amazeballs of epic proportions
I have pretty much always driven a manual transmission here in the States and my kids will learn to drive on one.
Yeah... This reply said it best... Yes KU lost; Yes KU had a down season after losing key components at key moments of the season... But this kid just lost in the first round, to a team they should have beaten. No room to deflect and talk sh%t.
RT Whatever happens this day or the next, or in this investigation or the next or the one after that, we should always remembe…
Remind me... How did KSU do in their Elite 8 game today? Or do they play later tonight?
That's a solid list!
Seen it.
#MannyDoge likes feet
I feel seen.
This is fantastic! She had a great showing at last year and good to see her continuing! Well done in setting her up for bigger and better things!
Yet oddly enough Newark is better than LGA.
RT Comic Sans: I'm the worst font on the internet :( Papyrus: hold my beer ...
Introducing my kids to HOT FUZZ tonight.. #parenting
Walking presents so many hazards, especially in a new city. You made the correct choice.
So I feel like I am expressing my displeasure more than normal... But just walked into QuikTrip and this guy just made his significant other (assumption mine) get in the back so his Husky can sit in the front seat. What the...?
Correct... Which is why we used, and I still do, GIF. Stop yelling old man.
I get "JIF" as the pronunciation since that's what the creator chose ( but going back to this first time I saw it, we always pronounced it "gif" as that's the normal rule for acronyms. But it's fun to debate.
RT 37 defendants charged 7 guilty pleas 1 conviction at trial (so far) “Most successful witch hunt in US history...” —…
Most places, yes. But in our area it's normally pretty decent. This however was far from decent.
Hey - I know 30 years ago it was difficult to get an order right, but with automation you would think a simple "McDouble Plain" would give a "McDouble Plain". Evidently too much to ask for your staff here in Lenexa, KS w/ multiple orders gone wrong &amp; terrible service.
RT In #DevRel we discover that it is impossible to give without receiving, or receive without giving.
CONGRATS!!!
I personally would walk up and say, "So thanks for not asking if I need help. It helps me make the decision on where I'll go to drop $5k."
Completely agree. I don't see him facing accountability for #TrumpRussia as much as for his fraud which SDNY will continue to go after. But jail time ain't happening
Yeah. I haven't read his book but he's been reporting on stuff long before the media did and I was reading about things from him before the appointment of Mueller that didn't come out in the media until 18 months later. Also I don't see them being held accountable either tbh..
If you haven't already seen it, this thread by delves deeper into where the reporting on the #MuellerReport has gone wrong, and from a criminal attorney and professor view what is actually happening.
This should be a huge tell as to the integrity and intention around the investigation for him.
RT Somehow, sometime, Donald Trump will leave the political stage; but the moral and material corruption he has inflicted will…
RT Curious about what this whole “Developer Relations” thing is you keep hearing about? I wrote a piece for abo…
RT I searched for to tweet about how anyone who's in #DevRel or a #CMgr should join me Apr 4-7 for a free, on…
She knows more math than me, and is my equal in vocab... Will have to think of more 😀
Aww cute!
Absolutely spot on. I'm loving Delta more and more the last few years.
I know, right?
Thread with a very good analysis of what's taken place today with #TrumpRussia
Heck, I'm beginning to like LGA more...
Yeah it's like every time i fly through there it gets worse and I like it less
Why? Did something happen?
Problem is I'm ready to be home and that won't get me there
Flight not even taken off.. OH: -"2 yrs of taxpayers $$ to find out nothing in this report" -"Ridiculous, let's get on to real issues and let Trump fix this country" -"There's going to be a war in this Country come 2020 if he's not Pres" One guess what Network they're quoting..?
Haven't wanted to give an Attitude Adjustment to someone in a long time.
Wow... a few of these First Class passengers on this flight home have a sh=%]y attitude... I hope I never become like that.
RT Knowing that a tech thing exists and might be useful is more important than knowing the syntax for the tech thing.
RT Have you migrated to Postman v7 yet? Get access to our latest features when you migrate, including extended roles and pe…
RT The other night I had dinner with a friend, and they made a really good point. "Everyone's in sales" is something…
Thing is it is far from over. Indictments are still sealed and cases and persons have been referred. It is now time for due process which will take awhile.
And this is my point exactly. You're playing into the "report" and what they (and much of a certain media that looks for every single thing wrong they can with her) are finding fault with. I'm providing a different take. And yes I think we've lost the plot.
RT I really needed to be able to scrape data off of a BLE sensor I built, and store it in InfluxDB v2.0, so I built this littl…
RT Check out the latest podcast featuring me :) and
Or you don't have the webcam on your laptop covered and the image recognition made a judgement call. Either way, lucky you!
Deadlines shmeadlines...
She could also take money from lobbyists and sit in her office like so many others. But she's not. She's out there in NYC, but can't be everywhere. Where is the *outrage* for all the GOP reps who won't even do Town Halls? They're threatened by AOC, her appeal and women reps.
She's been doing that. She's also experiencing the overwhelming outpouring of desire to speak w/ her. She also communicates online with her constituents more than any other. I think the Daily Mail could maybe look at GOP who won't even converse with their constituents. ┐( ∵ )┌
Join this webinar to learn from a great community and DevRel professional
RT There are plenty of good reasons to do open source for free ✍ by 💭 #oss #culture
Not yet (•‿•)
Oh so I see you've eaten with Sean
Congrats Carla! You're joining a great team, and you're only going to make it greater!
But then the hassle of rebasing their workforce every few years is not worth it
Agreed, though if they're on a Git tree they also need to branch out a bit
For just about everything #TeamDavidRose
I believe a high-five and a 🥂 or 🍻 is in order this week at #ConnectTech
Ahh, the good ol’ days!
No, I have a dirty clothes bag that's in my suitcase and everything dirty goes in there.
Sharone, so much 🩷 and 🧸🫂 for you and your family. I can't imagine what the emotional, mental, and physical experience has been for you all the last few weeks. Sending you and yours all the love, thoughts, and prayers.
Ahh, gotta love friends. Reminds me of when volunteered me to run the open spaces at #DevRelCon2018
RT Tech companies...Please for sanity sake: Stop using "Generative AI" where it makes no sense! Your marketing comes acro…
Really gutted I missed it _again_. I was even supposed to speak! #NextYear
They're wrong because it is an amazing piece of candy. The End.
Boom! You both looking good!!!! Hope you had a great night!
Well shit, another reason I am bummed I missed ATO this year. Hopefully we can connect in person sometime soon! Glad you made it home!
Getting ready for next week, and finishing my talk with a little help. Who will I see at #ConnectTech?
Yep, I am always bringing the best candy back from England. Especially all the Cadbury options that we don't have in the US.
Really enjoyed this panel at #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit! Thank you to the for having me, and thank you to the rest of the panelist for putting up with my delayed entry 🫶
RT Not taking passwords seriously is a chronic condition. Let's talk about this.
Also run it by a room full of middle school boys. If any of their faces even twitch, go back to the drawing board. Same goes for marketing pitches, slogans, mascots, etc.
Preparation is important. This is idiotic.
Any of my London/UK friends around for a great event with Mar 28? Check this out!
Florida man attacked by a ‘crazy squirrel’ gone nuts. And it was raised by a neighbor. This is so on brand.
Yay! Safe travels!
My daughter using Instagram stories on her phone... while at school... ಠ_ಠ My question seemed appropriate.
Word... Heard that so many times over the years. In some ways it's true.... I'm in #devrel and so I guess I got the job I wanted. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh noes... What can be done?
That's what happens when you create a new email account
This gives me hope for some of the next generation
RT Need a little something extra to get you through the week? &amp; have you covered with t…
Here's a good one from
RT When designing a community program, these are great questions to ask: - who are our members when they join the cmty? (cur…
Looking forward to CMX Summit 2019 this year!
Thread on a great new thing planned for #cmxconnect
Meissketeers
Wrong Chuck.... But thanks.
Jokes on him of course as he would go onto failed startups, and I would build a successful tech career without a degree working at the largest tech companies in the area on their IT teams doing sysadmin, databases, networking, development, etc. And now DevRel. Thanks Chuck! [2/2]
CEO at the ISP I worked at in the mid-90s told me that I would never amount to anything in tech and stick to what I was good at - customer support... all because I wouldn't buy into his BS about the company and where it was going. [1/2]
Or you would... And how would we know which was which?
Narrator: Shark Tank guy has a point
RT Folks have asked me my thoughts about the exploding number of unwanted robocalls. Twilio doesn’t allow these shenanigans, and…
Which is why you need an umbrella
This. So much this. I see it every once in a while and I almost gag every time while giving a very judgemental stare.
Got your back
Looking at the dates I can't make Vilnius, but Prague should be doable. I'll be attending Portland.
Going to have to look at submitting to both of these!
It's similar to Purple Rain, right?
Reporting to the C-Suite is preferred but don't leave ICs without management support to provide direction and insulation.
RT The last community party in London was a blast - great talks, interesting guests, fantastic beers and grub, can’t…
Good thread from Mr. Conway
Everybody says so
Shucks...
"just drink" - that means there's a healthy mix... I applaud that - variety is the spice of life, right? And there are 24 different varieties of Absolut... so don't "just drink" all day. Have some variety. Thanks for coming to my TED talk. I have no idea what I'm saying.
All well and good, but maybe focus on the product? Your "coffee sucks".
Have one less / one more mimosa... That should solve it.
I transitioned into a DevRel role after finding that being a fulltime dev wasn't ticking the boxes for me. That transition took years without me recognising what I was actually doing or that there was such a thing as DevRel. I also have always sort of done community work as well.
Agreed. I'm part of a group that has a standing Zoom call every week and if you can join, you join. That should work well for something like this and be zero effort
Meet Taylor Barnett #devrel
Yeah I would as well.
Well, why not? He would have shown that he could listen to suggestions and be reasonable....
Seems we often need this reminder: "it is a well-known fact that those people who most want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.” ― Douglas Adams
RT "One Size Doesn't Fit All" says Developer Advocate Join us in Chicago (April 8th) and find out how she…
RT The world is about to get a lot more excellent. Watch this special announcement from your two favorite dudes! 8.21.20 🎸⚡️…
That's awesome! Congrats! I'll be the 2nd cousin that's always trying to install Linux
RT Postman is so much more than just a REST client. In this article, details our expanding list of features a…
RT Attention Chicago and Midwest folks! We would love for you to come tell your devops story at ! CFP is open…
From one of the brightest minds the Universe has ever created comes a great thought on #DevAdvocacy: “It can be very dangerous to see things from somebody else's point of view without the proper training.” ― Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless #DevRel
Some good, practical tips from on becoming a better writer - "8 Real Tips To Become A Better Writer"
Truth on both accounts.
Be right there... Keep it warm!
July 4th can't come soon enough... Forget the fireworks! Stranger Things Season 3 🎆!!!
I pre-ordered "DevOps For Dummies" by and you should too!
RT Learn how to proactively monitor your IT environment with these tips and best practices.
RT Community building is the practice of building spaces and experiences that accept a specific type of person as they are, a…
My daughter (13) has this as her email signature - she loves classic rock. "Carry on my wayward son / There'll be peace when you are done / Lay your weary head to rest / Don't you cry no more." - Kansas (Carry on Wayward Son) #parentingwin
Join my friend for her webinar on "Combating Alert Fatigue"
Just helped a couple of stoners in the hotel remember to close their hotel door when they left. Good deed done for the day.
/me looks through the list of things NZ is doing to combat the issue... WHERE ARE THE THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS? 乁( •_• )ㄏ
I'm 6 seasons behind... Need to catch up
Yeah it's sad the laughingstock we've become around the world
AHH makes more sense 😁🙃
Oh come on... "Can't understand why...?" Are you wanting to be taken seriously?
RT Hidey Hole v1.00 released! All teh S10 wallpapers with holes in them from /r/S10wallpapers.
Developer Marketing has been around a long time. In fact DZone had an entire section for years on the subject.
Our beagle has never figured out DST so she's needy an hour earlier than we normally feed her. Who am I kidding? She's a beagle. She's needy and wants to eat all day.
RT If you believe innovation is for everyone, then I have a list for you: 10 challenges that the world needs your ideas to help…
It has taken you awhile but you're finally on the mark
Says the guy who only communicates with me through said plague
RT Sneezing.
Yessss!!!!
Whiskey 🥃
So glad you're now a Disney Princess!
RT So Thursday is Devin’s two year anniversary of the late night Uber ride after which he shared information with Trump rather t…
YESSS! FINALLY is back home with
RT Apress author gave a webinar on developer relations - the topic of her Apress book "The Business Value of Developer…
RT Here's an inside look at GitLab UX research, design, and how you can contribute ✨
RT Join our webinar on 3/20 at 12PM EST to learn informative tips and best practices for combatting #AlertFatigue in your monitori…
RT Please don't retweet this because hates it when people show up and ask him questions.
RT We have few announcements for you this beautiful afternoon: 1. The 2019 website is now LIVE! 💥 2. CFP is open and will last…
The JavaScript Developer's Reading List by
So on point...I loved Hangouts and how they would show your video before entering... Saved me the embarrassing moments of checking my nose hairs when everyone joined.
I figured it out after like the first 3 or 4 episodes and then lost interest after the 2nd season... When the finale came around I didn't watch it, just heard from friends what happened, and I was like... Glad I didn't waste my time! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
RT the trouble with test doubles
RT The Seattle APIs and IPAs meetup is TOMORROW! Come see present on This is definitely a must too…
RT 🔴ON AIR 🔴 The first episode of our "Under the Hood of Developer Marketing" podcast is now on air! Our host
*big eye roll" Are you kidding me? The very definition of satire...
RT George W. Bush: "May we never forget that immigration is a blessing and a strength"
RT Creating a great abstract and owning your unique point of view! You don’t have to be an expert. Or even a polished speake…
RT Detailed how to: Deploy InfluxDB and Grafana to collect your Twitter stats #DevOps
So - your algorithm sucks since Ashley, and MANY other women in tech, meets OR EXCEEDS your criteria on types of accounts you verify. needs to fix themselves.
RT Just going to leave this here (still relevant)
That's even worse if it was submitted internally...
Daughter: "Bon Jovi occasionally rocks" Me: "Like always....?"
RT DevRel definitely never gets boring 😄 Today I'm writing a blog post, while negotiating sponsorships, preparing the release of…
RT a short film about friendship
Oh fo sure
Which would potentially be a matchup vs UNC in KC
Looking good for #kuhoops actually... First time in awhile that the bracket wasn't heavily weighted. Now they just need to make some shots #rcjh
Sorry for your loss 😥
So a slow Sunday?
And Kansas has had a real winter...
And this is me right now
Guinness Poutine with Guinness... Only in Canada
Greece, SF
So say we all!
So glad you are getting your culture
That's not why...
Except for driving on the _right_ side of the road. Makes perfect sense.
Don't forget Matt Gaetz... And Bush. And Cheney. And...
Going to have to look for them the next time I'm in Germany
I must have those. Where did you get them?
Don't you know nothing in the US is supposed to make sense, especially our supermarkets?
Happy "I'm sure I have Irish in me" Day. I started mine off in DTW airport with a Guinness - how about you?
RT Been covering Trump for three years now. Will never quite understand how the GOP tolerates his attacks on McCain, Bushes and Ro…
"Latest frontier?" It's not space you idiots.
My Lyft driver seems to think the left lane is for slow pokes... She's been under the speed limit the entire ride and stayed in the left lane while being passed on the right. #petpeeve
Recreation...
Yeah, couldn't hit the broadside of the Sprint Center
In all fairness, you've been a bit salty the last week or so..
It's why Apple is an accessories company
I'm assuming you mean the Seether version...?
We have a song in mind?
Looks like the #CFP for #DevRelCon London 2019 (Dec 10-11) is open
I can also do guitar, voice, probably piano, electric if needed
RT New Zealand bans semiautomatic rifles less than 24 hours after the Christchurch mass shooting. Imagine: elected official…
Well only some of the choir.... ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
Or as bad as when someone doesn't use the Oxford comma.... /me ducks and runs
RT The Muslim man in the video who heroically sacrificed himself to stop the terrorist has been identified as Naeem Rashid…
There's something common here and I just can't put my finger on it
PowerPoint.
This. 👇👇👇👇
RT I had such a great time recording this podcast with and Be sure to take the time to lis…
He's not retired, he's just plotting.
RT I think #devrel as an industry needs to decide what actually constitutes a developer advocate. More and more I see peop…
A great concept!
That's where we put our Dutchmen.
You misspelled "Great work Chloe! That's an awesome project! Look forward to seeing a write up on how you created it!" FTFY
So at least he'll know the cybers
Great pic with the sun reflecting off the buildings... Travel safe.
#DevRel is a much-needed org for a company, but it's often difficult to identify the career path for those in the role(s) and those wanting to be... Good article on Slack's path “Defining a career path for Developer Relations” by
Sure. I'll try to think through one of the songs I've always wanted to cover...
Would love to but I'll need to sort out recording equipment.. you thinking a theme of sorts?
Also book pre-ordered.
How do you identify what is "Developer" and what is "Operations" in #DevOps?
RT This talk by has by far one of the most interesting bits of data and insights I've seen at any #DevRelCon in years.…
Now that's just rude... I'm certain my father showered at least once a week, though my mother was pretty fit on the wheel - so maybe it checks out.
Socks you say?
So - how would you build relationships between the African Swallow company and the European Swallow company? It seems like DevRel would be really hard and require engineering skills in order to do so?
Had a question for - when building relationships with devs how important is it to give out swag? And what swag is best/worst?
RT There isn’t going to be “the next big social network” The next big social network is the 1000 social networks built with…
Gonna take a big hard pass on this one...
Have seen this time &amp; time again over the last 25yrs - people leave for a higher paying job, be gone 6mo or so, and come back to more than what they were making. And with it taking on avg (last I saw?) 6mo to get someone up to speed in a new job - save $, pay your people.
How about Courtney Love?
RT This is happening today! Bring on your DevOps, DevRel and GIF questions. 😊
This is so much what #DevAdvocacy is about...
Hah 3rd is yourself, 4th is me. Seems legit.
RT Excited that is the latest sponsor for #AsyncAPI. Let's think event-driven! #eventmesh #eventbroker #micro…
Or just start talking to the person on the other end like it's a conference call
I'm sad for you and your tacos
Wow... Grammarly sure looks less interesting to me now
RT YOU could join me at the Avengers: Endgame premiere and take home Thor’s hammer (sorry, Show some love…
RT Issue 57 of #DevRelWeekly is hitting your inboxes as I tweet! Lots of fantastic content from the likes of
I can't recall any time in my life where a sitting US President said, not alluded to, said that he would use the military to hold onto power. This is big and in any other political climate would be an actual emergency that would need dealt with. (Thread below)
Truth.
Agreed. #devrel must be the pipeline between Product and customer.
Meh I've had my entire family vomit around/on me... and I've shat my pants in public too. You got nothing to worry about.
Valuable insight into #devrel and the broad impact it should have in an org
I had to learn on my own. Parents, your kids deserve better.
RT Sublime Text 3.2 Is Out! Git Integrated and Still Blazing Fast by #javascript #vuej…
After watching when it first came out, and then watching multiple times through the eyes of my kids the last few years, for my money there's not a better TV show. The final season, including the final episode, are gold. Don't @ me.
Pretty awesome #iot work here!
Yes thank you for highlighting the importance of these questions.
Oh yeah I'm always asking a lot of questions, but I've never actually sent more questions back after the interview. Good on GitLab for putting you back in touch with the manager!
RT Wanted to highlight an event happening TOMORROW (Oct 19) with that was mentioned last night at our October mee…
Yeah that's great. Had a similar experience, but was done more in the interview and something they hadn't planned on, and it worked. Great advice, thanks!
LOL that's wild.
During my interviewing process, one of the consistent interviewer statements is, "If you have any other questions, please reach out and ask me." Has anyone ever done this? Have you actually emailed them back with more questions? If so, what happened?
Spot on actually.
Nevermind, just now saw the reply.
It better not have anything to do with pumpkin shit lattes
Do we get pictures when we join?
As I'm finishing (who am I kidding 😂) my ADHD journey talk for #ConnectTech next week, I came across sketch that 100% hits home as to my experience growing up, and probably why I didn't go get diagnosed until 2022. Check out her stuff at
..... Yes. I'll take that.
Well, now I'm hungry.
They've always done a crowd-sourced piece of their talk submission process.
In a rare, shameless act of self-promotion.... PLEASE GO VOTE FOR MY #CONFOO 2024 PROPOSALS TO SPEAK!!!!!
RT Do not attack Jews for being Jews. Do not attack Muslims for being Muslim. Do not share Antisemitic conspiracy theories…
I would have been there, but things happen. Enjoy!
Checking out this new word game from called Jumblie. A nice, welcome take on the word games. 🔴🟠🟢🔵 9 guesses in 4m 41s
I call that "a family reunion"
If it isn't, maybe it should be?
RT Whatever it takes. Watch the brand new trailer for Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26.
It's not a policy - instead is about targeted harrassment. Your comment also made no sense even in this context.
Judging by this, if he has any more "garbage" I'll gladly help out
Last day to get your talk submitted for #AllThingsOpen
Definitely on brand. A grocery store chain in the Midwest ( plays solid 90s Alternative and I am always singing along. Makes my kids sooo happy to go shopping with me.
A true testament to its staying power is it has been the song for as long as I can remember. It should be sung. Proudly.
"If that don't light your fire, your wood's wet" - old Southern statement referring to being cold and dead inside
Now I am hungry...
Ahh reminds me of my days at Sprint where we'd spend 2yrs (and tens of millions) on a project for customer billing and number management, only to can the project before it was fully implemented and start a new one to accomplish the same thing.
Interesting that it's processed and not raw nuts. Also... Aww shucks!
Is it just peanut butter? Or all peanuts? Or all nuts? Or just David and I who are nutty enough to cause adult onset allergies?
Love the song - not sure how it'd fit as it's not gritty enough... But who knows. Maybe we'll have to listen to it as a lead up to the movie? =)
HOLY F&amp;*#%!#*%! S#%&amp;*!#!!!! The new #AvengersEndgame trailer just dropped!!!!!! I gladly admit I'm a sensitive guy, but if this trailer doesn't bring up some emotion, as the old saying goes, your wood's wet.
Wait... you only eat peanut butter on specific days?
It's that day again.... #PieDay
RT Speaker friends: What advice would you give to a first-time speaker? 😊
RT There are four kinds of drunks: 1. People who drink and get happy. 2. People who drink and get sad. 3. People who drin…
RT A software fix to the Boeing 737 MAX was delayed for months as discussions between regulators and Boeing dragged on—an…
Was there something in that sushi we had?
Absolutely this. So much this. If you want a community you have to invest in it and it's not just one leader, it flows to other areas as well.
You got this! Positive vibes your way.
I find it a bit odd that Gmail, YouTube, Yahoo Mail go down over the last 24hr - and then Facebook and their properties go down afterwards and are still experiencing outages...
Oh not done with the rant... Or companies who already know what they want when they hire, don't tell the hire beforehand, push it onto the hire, then move the team around the org, impose their vision of what needs done, doesn't listen to hire, then gets upset when things fail.
Solid playlist here... My happy place for sure while working
Congrats to the LaunchDarkly team! h/t
I literally have "Herder of Cats" on my business cards
For a second there I had flashbacks to #SCALE17x where 's head kept photo bombing my tweets...
RT Nine seasons. 440 tackles. 14 interceptions. Thank you, EB.
I would recommend this resource as a good way to make sure your contrast is good and accessible - Was geared around websites, but I would say that a presentation is probably just as good a use case.
Spreadsheet expense reports... FML
RT I'm working on a blogpost about the 5 biggest challenges that #DevRel professionals face in their day-to-day work and I'd l…
RT An open source journey to contribute to the community by #DevOps
RT If the kid’s parent has $1.5M to bribe the university, wouldn’t it be easier to just give the kid the money? Then they coul…
It's a book with faces on it that you can browse and laugh at the sheer stupidity of those posting faces into the book
Salt on the threshold will keep the little demons away
So Facebook is down? Didn't notice since I haven't been on the site in over a month.
And that's how they get you - every time. Next thing you know they've taken over and you're serving them gourmet food in little dishes and bowing as you exit the room.
RT Becoming more and more convinced that community needs to be its own department to truly be successful in an organization.
Which was exactly my justification and rationale
Welp, that's now 3 jurisdictions to be indicted in. That's got to be some kind of record for a major player in a Presidential campaign, right?
RT No-one Joins For The Sense of Community The sense of community isn’t something you promote to visitors and newcomers, i…
I just backed One F*$k/Zero F% Decision Maker Coins
Well there's no guacamole mentioned, and no need for the Oxford comma, so you're good in my book
RT tfw a diverse team doing excellent work takes a good funding round. congratulations y'all over there in oakland
RT "It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life." -Jean-Luc Picard #WeAreSt…
RT and have merged to form the #OpenJSFoundation! The OpenJS Foundation is to become the central place to support…
In all fairness it does look like she tied his hands before leaving him
RT Intel now has a Chief Community Advocate!!! "Intel is taking the effort seriously. I'll be there to ensure the community…
Wait... Someone doesn't use the Oxford comma? 🤣😂😅😀😥
In fairness the question asked was multiple choice...
You are winning the Internet on its birthday
Seeing #CaptainMarvel for the 2nd time, but now with my Minions
It's a bit more proper and never quite says what it means while dropping the "t" in many words.
RT In #devrel we do a lot of externally facing work, but the internal work can be just as important, if not more. I recentl…
Something like this....
Community does not exist in a bubble as it requires collaboration with people/teams inside/outside of the org
I believe he's referring to companies forming communities as a means of ticket-deflection by the community without support to the community
Setting aside non-work time, as it's easy to "just pop on down to my office for a minute"; making sure those in the company offices recognise they need to involve remote workers; making sure to "work away from the office" so as to change the scenery.
RT Good morning! This Friday, March 15th we will feature a fantastic lineup of developer advocate women on
RT Even the Windows Calculator is now open source 🏷 #windows #cpp #opensource
RT Being a good open source project lead requires a certain level of passion. However too much passion for your project can lead…
Wait... I thought the internet was in the clouds?
I remember having to build new ways, documentation, and install packages for accessing the internet with Windows 95 (I worked at an internet provider when it came out)... #nostalgia
Yup... Abraham's blessing was given to his descendants and he literally was told that both his sons would get the blessing... That's something ignored in a majority of churches in the Christian faith
Lessons Learned while Organizing Tech Events (Ep 33) #devrel #community
Well said, and what Jim Collins talked about in "Good to Great" - getting the right people on the right bus in the right seats going in the right direction.
So watching #IronMan3 with Mrs. Jerdog and was wondering what else the kid (character Harley Keener) was in (Jurassic World)... And just noticed he's also in #AvengersEndgame... Let the theories begin...
I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER
Have you thought about Hugo?
RT We're so encouraged by the growing number of institutions of #highereducation choosing to include #opensource as part of…
Awkward....
Good luck!
RT If you're thinking about the intersection of #community and #socialmedia management this might help you sort it out:
RT Trump finally submitted a budget (a month late). Let's take a look, shall we? $8 billion for a wall Congress rejected.…
My go to...
RT One party wants to expand Medicare and Medicaid and the other wants to cut them. That’s the end of my tweet.
RT “I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not...lnas…
#remotework goals
As long as you didn't lock eyes with the duck it's fair game
Sorry I missed this. In my defence, I was walking a mile through suburban Pasadena to get the "best breakfast burrito" so my ability to entertain was limited. It was a pretty fantastic burrito though, with a small pig's worth of bacon in it.
Yes this is definitely a thing and why I get up every couple hours on a flight to stretch (long legs). I personally do take off my shoes if on a long flight (6+ hours), but never my socks. That's barbaric.
That's not English
Ahh the classic skit in real life... Almost daily occurrence for me. Trick is to never pause - just own it.
We love you Emily, and are glad you're feeling better.
It's good to know Emily can affect things hundreds of miles away...
Refusal to use the Oxford comma like a proper human, but overusing periods is ok like a psychopath. Seems on brand and something I may come to accept in time. And with some drinks amongst friends.
Found what you were missing in the above statement.
Thank you for revealing to me Emily's true self today, especially as I was almost in tears when she yelled (oddly enough given this thread) that we were not friends.
RT Developer relations, keeping the community and companies best interest in mind, all the times #DevRel #cmgr #scal…
RT If your company doesn't have a Developer Relations strategy already then you definitely need to talk to Mary. #SCALE17…
RT I feel awkward about saying this over and over but everything everyone is so excited about today I WROTE A BOOK ABOUT tha…
Hey - look what I found? #opensource #truckerhatsrock
To close this out, I highly recommend if you're looking for help in #devrel formation, strategy, etc. - reach out to and her consulting at
Avocados are good for your heart, and by extension of the analogy #DevRel helps to bring about a happy #community / healthy product... #SCaLE17x
4) Avocados take a long time to ripen. It's 5 years for an avocado tree to be ready to grow, and #DevRel is not a quick fix. Having the ramp-up time to build out the community and to build the connections necessary to do what they're best at - DevRel Qualified Leads #SCaLE17x
3) Avocados go well with many different cuisines. Focus on what only #DevRel can do - making connections with developers. and becoming the hub of the wheel. #SCaLE17x
But "Why do we need DevRel?" Answer comes back to the mantra... "To community I represent the company; to the company, I represent the community." Having both of their interests in mind is ultimately unique to other groups in your org. #SCaLE17x
2) Avocados take on the flavour of things around them. #DevRel teams take on the "flavour" of the product and company and it's important to start small and focused and understand the "Why" and "What" about your #community and putting them where they can best succeed. #SCaLE17x
#DevRel value comes from enabling developers to champion your product/services. Inspiring and equipping them means understanding what they're trying to do, and helping them to be successful. #SCaLE17x
1) Avocados are the good kind of fat. Talking to developers &amp; getting product feedback, learning about what they're interested in, the tools &amp; documentation they use or need, are all important pieces that #devrel helps feed. These would track to "DevRel Qualified Leads" #SCaLE17x
Defining terms is essential around #DevRel... #community and #Developerrelations DevRel Professionals have the best interests of the community in mind which tracks back to the business. #SCaLE17x
Developer Relations (#devrel for short) has become known as the good kind of fat in organisations #SCaLE17x
UNPOPULAR OPINION: Guacamole is gross.
Final talk of #SCaLE17x is on "Developer Relations: The Good Kind of Fat"
Always helpful.
RT Even with losing an hour to DST, there's still time left this weekend to submit to #CFP for in Bos…
RT Tips for self-care: Burn out is a real thing! 1) Create a ritual for context switching 2) Allocate mental bandwidth 3) Treat…
RT Did I mention that I have a few copies of my book to hand out at my talk this afternoon? Come learn about why Community Man…
As I am getting ready for the last talk at #SCaLE17x, I wanted to take a moment to thank 's head for helping to frame the slides on my live-session-tweets. It's been a pleasure working with you, and here's to the next conference!
4) Stay healthy - avoid the habits which are detrimental to your bodies. #SCaLE17x
2) Being on-call needs to become your #1 priority (allocate mental bandwidth) and making sure your manager knows and supports you. 3) Have an awareness that on-call is a stressful activity - important to treat yourself during this time. #SCaLE17x
Self-care for those who are on-call and incident commanders is essential to help prevent burnout in a normally high-stress environment. 1) Create a ritual for going on- and off-call (context switch). #SCaLE17x
You can't predict the future with certainty - our systems are complex. We have to understand that ML doesn't give us fact, instead they give us multiple outcomes. #SCaLE17x
Practicing via incident injection helps your organisation realise that it's no big deal when there is an outage and allows you to process failure and trauma and stress much easier. Storytelling is essential as part of postmortems and helps the organisation deal. #SCaLE17x
This is fine
Resiliency doesn't mean nothing ever happens - it means you're able to respond in a practical, normalised way and everything doesn't have to go pear-shaped. #SCaLE17x
Inside of tech we tend to jump on "root cause" by assuming it's one thing which caused the incident - which is rarely the case. We can miss other factors which contributed because we get lost in what's happening. #SCaLE17x
Being hyperaware of threats (fight or flight) is the organisation stuck on "On". These orgs have a hard time moving on from outages/incidents as they're constantly looking over their shoulder. They then tend to freeze and shy away from change. #SCaLE17x
Trauma is not simple - it's nuanced. It occurs when one's solution does not work, resulting from real or perceived threats, and is subjective and relative. #SCaLE17x
Humans are not zebras - we don't shake off trauma when it happens. Our brains are kinda dumb, and can't tell the difference between real or perceived trauma. We are often readily overwhelmed #SCaLE17x
Amped for at #SCaLE17x - "Fight, Flight, or Freeze - Releasing Organizational Trauma"
3 Steps to Getting Started with #OpenSource via
Dude... Well, maybe some other time we'll find ourselves in the same city. Travel safe.
Wait... You're in Burbank? I'm in Pasadena.
Don't forget to check out #devrel talk at #scale17x
Truth being spoken requires immediate likes.
Witch Hunt!
Yeah... Might want to try again.
Or at least a well-worn groove meaning less energy usage
Communication is key to #remotework
A feat that will likely never be replicated again. #ROCKCHALK #JAYHAWK
OH at #SCaLE17x: "That tastes like herbacious Listerine" h/t:
RT When the community succeeds, the company succeeds, #scale17x #upscale
. and sharing about #devrel #avocados at #SCaLE17x #UpSCALE
RT The internet has its winner ... we can all go home now. Someone turn the lights off on the way out.
Vaccines make adults
This is a must-attend #community webinar
RT I'm co-hosting Upscale tonight, and what doesn't know is that she is getting the night started right as the first…
RT 😳😅 moral of the story... #SCaLE17x attendees: is counting on you to be there at 8:00 sharp to support him! Don’t…
In discussing / sanity-checking with a few people, realising that there's a difference between vendor conferences and community conferences. Salesforce events are vendor events which in fact their community does attend. Community events are usually smaller and more intimate.
So took a break on this to gather some thoughts and to reflect… and I think it comes down to some nuance. We all tend to define community through our own lens, and companies are no different.
Managing burnout can be done with any one or more of these things... Some are things you do, others are things that people do for you, making it important that you find people to walk alongside of you. Most people don't have the emotional confidence when in burnout. #SCaLE17x
The six stages of burnout - they generally build on each other step by step. Managing stress and anxiety is extremely important and helps you know where you're at in the stages. #SCaLE17x
Stress is glorified, especially in SV, and it's stupid. Stress is normal, but designing your life in a way as to minimise it is essential. Burnout comes when stress finally takes over and is episodic. #SCaLE17x
I was here first
Resolving Conflict takes practice. Look at it as an opportunity to practice this skill. #SCaLE17x
Cultural Differences - it's easy to forget there are differences which separate us and can cause conflict. #SCaLE17x
Power Imbalance effects the ability of people to do productive work, and is another source of conflict #SCaLE17x
Third cause of conflict is Uncertainty - more certainty you can provide in your #community, the better off you will be #SCaLE17x
Conflict rarely happens immediately - it usually builds up #SCaLE17x
Another cause of conflict is Communication Issues #SCaLE17x
Many different causes of conflict... first is Unclear Expectations #SCaLE17x
Another example of managing a crisis scenario was and their "Dear Github...." letter. Both and followed much the same process here #SCaLE17x
An example of how to handle conflict is how handled their massive data loss - instead of closing up and corporatizing the statement, they chose #transparency and opened up conversation with the community. #SCaLE17x
RT I’m speaking at Upscale tonight! It’s going to be a great time. 5m lightning talks with auto-rotating slides? What more cou…
The majority of issues/conflict seen in communities comes down to - Stress and Burnout - Conflict Resolution - Crisis Management
. now talking about "Handling When Things Go Wrong: The Right Way" at #SCALE17x
RT “I’ll use PowerPoint when I’m trying to sell something to the enterprise” -
This is definitely one #community webinar to sign up for!
RT Slides from my talks have been posted, complete with speaker notes: cc
I echo this so much. Thank you for all you do.
Maybe duck your head next time or not sit in the front like a good student
RT Jumping in (a tad late) to talk on remote work. as a remote employee for the majority of the last 6 years I…
RT Hey, last night we did a tech version of the show and we all wanted to pass on our best wishes to Alex. We know h…
To bring this together due to a Twitter threading derp... the thread starts here -
In Finality) Your network is your most valuable asset. #SCaLE17x
Bonus 30) Often with community you're doing a lot of different roles and require a lot of different tools #SCaLE17x
Bonus 29) Community organising is often organised chaos, aka "Cat herding" #SCaLE17x
Bonus 28) Community moderator program: volunteers, 1yr commitment to write/curate 12 articles a year, flown to to help plan the strategy for the next year #SCaLE17x
Bonus 27) The points and badge system in place at / There's no t-shirt at the end of the runway. #SCaLE17x
Bonus 26) Love the work you do! Find work that's fulfilling, or find something fulfilling outside of work #SCaLE17x
25) Meet and talk with other community organizers at events and conferences. Grow your career and sharpen the stone #SCaLE17x
24) Be intentional about planning space to be with your personal network of family and friends #SCaLE17x
23) Actually have a plan to prevent burnout, or to recharge your batteries #SCaLE17x
22) Know the signs of burnout, not only for yourself but also for your community #SCaLE17x
21) Know and understand that #community doesn't stop at 5pm - #burnout is real. Avoid the "always on" feeling. Set limits and share them with the people you work with #SCaLE17x
20) Document what you do in order to measure success #SCaLE17x
19) Be aware of part of the role of a community organiser is balancing needs and requirements of the organization and the community #SCaLE17x
18) Community means something different to everyone - #SCaLE17x
17) Avoid engaging in endless debates #SCaLE17x
16) Don't go to participants with an ask every time #SCaLE17x
15) Practice being short and concise in your messaging / be prepared and communicate effectively #SCaLE17x
That is correct. Though honey-flavoured would be a good alternative
I'm still at a relative loss... He has had a cough for awhile so I'm assuming it was to make it feel better? Ó⁠╭⁠╮⁠Ò
My 20yo son just poured about 1/3 cup of honey into his mouth and then gargled it....... AMA
All the positive thoughts and things your way Jess. Let me know if you need anything
Yeah, that's my kind of marathon. Where do I sign up?
I must have one.
RT Future CSS Tip! 🍏 You can create that Apple style blow out text effect with CSS scroll-driven animations ⚡️ No JavaScript! The…
RT Vittorio Bertocci was a force to be reckoned with, leaving an indelible mark on the identity industry and capturing hearts along…
RT Passionate about tech? We're on the lookout for speakers to join us at php[tek] 2024. Whether it's a deep dive into coding or a…
RT 🍕 We're live on 🍕 OpenSauced - Optimize Your Open Source Project with Deep Insights We are building a platfo…
Thanks Chris! Look forward to hopefully meeting at KubeCon in a few weeks!
[14 of ?🧵] There's more to come around metrics and some real-world examples of how all of this series fits together into a #DevRel org. I hope you enjoy, and I welcome the discussion which comes from our mutual desire to move DevRel forward.
[13 of ?🧵] #DevRel as a profession needs to grow the fuck up and recognize that it's not a bad thing to participate in the marketing/sales process. You can do so and still keep the trust with devs.
[12 of ?🧵] In business you're either making, or selling, the thing. #DevRel must always balance the needs of the customer and the needs of the biz. If customers (devs) don't end up using your product you'll be out of a job. That's basic economics....
[11 of ?🧵] #DevRel is in a unique spot to provide value to Sales (gasp!) because it can help to grow usage of the Product within a company by making devs aware of the services which drive more adoption inside that company, leading to increased Revenue!
[10 of ?🧵] Once you've identified the impact your team can bring, it's imperative you start positioning your #DevRel team as a resource with enormous potential throughout the company, because of its close proximity to your target audience: Developers
[9 of ?🧵] The mythical DevRel-Qualified-Lead (DRQL) is a perfect example of proving your #DevRel team's value through the Customer Journey, identifying ways you impact orgs like Marketing, Engineering, Recruiting, Support, and YES, even Sales!
[8 of ?🧵] #DevRel and customer journey steps: 1. Find out what it looks like, 2. Identify activities your team is currently performing, 3. Match them up with their spot in the Customer journey, 4. Automate wherever possible, 5. Build reporting, and 6. Rinse. Repeat regularly.
[7 of ?🧵] And that's where those questions come in handy - you already know how other orgs define success, which helps you get a leg up on identifying your team's customer journey touch points. But before you get there, you need to identify that journey
[6 of ?🧵] #DevRel is not a revenue-generating org - it’s a cost center. But that doesn't mean it doesn't provide value! Quite the opposite! One of the best ways to show and prove that value is by aligning your team's activities w. the Customer Journey...
14) Automate as much as possible, but realise when a personal response is required #SCaLE17x
13) Prepare as much stuff in advance as possible / be prepared and communicate effectively #SCaLE17x
12) Create community reward programs at all levels #SCaLE17x
11) Celebrate new initiatives and launches, and meeting milestones #SCaLE17x
10) Show appreciation and gratitude - different than sending thank you's and swag. "In person experiences are the ultimate reward" #SCaLE17x
9) Gamification doesn't have to be competitive #SCaLE17x
8) Empower and trust your top participants / find your superstars and let them shine #SCaLE17x
7) Create an environment for trust, collaboration and accountability #SCaLE17x
6) Incorporate feedback loops into everyday practices, borrowing from agile and lean principles #SCaLE17x
5) Remember that every interaction is a gift, and surprise is the opposite of engagement #SCaLE17x
4) Listen more, talk less #SCaLE17x
3) Send "Thank-you's" which take on different forms #SCaLE17x
2) Practice two-way goal setting to get buy-in and increae engagement #SCaLE17x
1) Ask participants about what they enjoy #SCaLE17x
Ready for on "25 things I wish I knew before becoming a #community organizer" at #SCaLE17X
RT You don't want to miss: 25 things I wish I knew before becoming a community organizer at 11:30 in room 103 |
RT If you're not watching the keynote, is talking about origin story, and the recurring theme is "holy…
Proud of you meathead!
Great thread here on #remotework and the importance of asynchronous communication
RT Join us on April 11th for a free webinar on How to Set the Most Impactful KPIs for Your Community with Save your sp…
#BadVoltage kicking off soon at #SCaLE17x
Sorry not buying it. I get what you're saying, and I will even admit that my bias towards Salesforce and Dreamforce likely influences. However Salesforce doesn't exist to build communities, they exist to take money for their product so they can build more things to take money.
Pay-to-play community (min ~$2000 pp just to attend) where you learn about the latest and greatest Salesforce products to use and buy? How does it check any boxes for actual community? I'm not playing devil's advocate here btw.
RT We’ve had some really exciting submissions for #DevRelCon San Francisco. If you have an idea, submit it before the deadl…
RT Tonight at #SCaLE17x join us at 7.30pm in Ballroom DE for Bad Voltage Live! An entertaining tech show, free drinks, food, an…
, from talking about an "Introduction to Identity" at #SCaLE17x
Sorry this disappeared in my influx of notifications. I would not classify Dreamforce as a community - it's a conference to show people how to better use a platform. It also is a scourge on SF every time it happens.
RT Join at on March 10 as he explains the background of fight, flight, and freeze, and how it app…
Doesn't everyone know it's pronounced "gif"?
RT I told my son that i was going to be a Developer Advocate. He asked me what "advocate" meant, so I told him. He said, "So l…
Anyone looking for someone to shape and run their #devrel you can't do any better than Jess.
Good luck!
RT Saturday! Join my brand new talk at that delves into the 'people problems' that can brew in projects, compan…
One of the great things about community conferences is running into old colleagues and friends, like #SCaLE17x
Good tips on breaking into #DevRel
RT Don’t forget to include non-engineering departments (like DevRel and Marketing) in postmortems. They can provide vital feed…
RT Stoked to be at Death Star Postmortem talk this morning at #DevOpsDay #SCaLE17x
RT DevRel teams are often building communities of the end users, not the decision-makers. But if the CRM is the s…
Oddly enough that is a thing these days
Nah us Americans are doing it wrong. Our English isn't really English
RT On International Women’s Day, I’m reflecting on the future we all want for our daughters: one where they can live out thei…
RT Dinner at #SCaLE17x. I’m proud to say that I didn’t sign up to write a book or give (another) talk this year. #MissionAccom…
Yet.
RT “This technical debt can wait. I have a feature to deliver!”
RT hey #SCaLE17x folks! There's a handful of us heading over to Yardhouse for dinner tonight (Thursday) at 7pm. Everyone's wel…
Mountains are my happy place, and I noticeably missed them last year.
RT Kind, polite, welcoming communities are important if you actually want people to come participate. Some thoughts about s…
Thanks to for bringing up all of my old nightmares in ColdFusion, sendmail, apache, MSSQL stored procedures, Sun machines shutting down when you unplug the keyboard, and more.
My productivity has boosted 1000%
Oh this is fantastic. Going to put this in asap!
Would you classify Dreamforce as a community event?
. stepping up their privacy game
I thought it was ok to cheese cats?
4 years ago I would have jumped at this, and it's something you've needed for a long time! Good move!
Coffee has water so you can adjust those percentages a bit. 😂🤣
Well then I will let you know that I did not break the law. My mother would be so proud.
Not saying I just air-drummed to Phil Collins's "In the air tonight" while in my Lyft.. but if I did it looked like this
Those are the moments you fully own it and jump right in at full volume yourself
To turn information into action, it's not enough to have online info - it's a must to get face-to-face with your community in order to truly make an impact. #SCALE17x
Data helps you understand your community &amp; building up information to be able to try out ideas which will lead to more knowledge &amp; as you repeat this cycle you'll grow in wisdom &amp; as this diagram shows, there's a lot of data in the world, not a lot of wisdom. #SCALE17x
When the community is made to feel more comfortable and safe, the government is seen to be more caring. #SCALE17x
Bronwyn Mauldin talking about "New Ways to Engage Communities, Create Meaning and Build Knowledge" at #SCALE17x
This is a great thing to pop up in your #community to help remind people to give help and reward help
#SCaLE17x is beginning today, looking forward to great sessions on engagement and community
RT Bad Voltage Live is happening tomorrow night, on Friday 8th March at in Pasadena! Doors open at 7.30pm. Free…
"AND SOLSJKAER HAS WON IT" #MUFC #ManUtd Glory, Glory
Oh no... #Brexit has that taken care of.. 😁
Right... It's on brand.
But then you are still putting it in the hands of a third party to decide... And they will get it wrong too. I've seen that in American football constantly.
RT Pasadena! If you're headed to #SCaLE17x this weekend, don't miss Apress author presentation (with a few giveaway…
Oh? Well there's that as well. It has benefited and taken from teams and I don't see that changing anytime soon
Great time hanging last night with and the indomitable here at #scale17x. Look forward to adding more people to the mix over the coming days
The VAR booth people decide and tell the referee they are reviewing is how I take it?
I have a love/hate relationship with VAR... With too much missed due to one ref trying to keep up with pace of play and deciding whether or not to accept a line judge's call and pace of play growing faster, VAR is a natural progression
RT programmers: Facebook is so shady, I don't trust them one iota. You should all delete your accounts. also programmers: Ye…
Coming from sports in the US that have this, the game will go longer. According to the UEFA rules that they made clear for the World Cup, if a player's hands are in an unnatural position for their entire movement then it is a handball. His hands were extended before he jumped.
RT I love my mac-dev-playbook, but I'm excited to scroll through and see ninja tricks has in here 😄 h…
"What Ever Happened to the Meetup?" -
RT 😂😂 📸: [IG]
RT Siri, show me who's at the wheel:
Meet Tessa Mero #devrel
RT #NetNeutrality is crucial to keeping opportunity open for all developers to create, collaborate on, and ship great softwa…
It puts the lotion on
I don't have near the followers you do, but I'm seeing this same issue as well
Woohoo! !
Alex Trebek is the greatest game show host ever
Wow.... What an adventure
I will. It is on my list
Nope.
Hey it beats KC weather... I'll take it.
Haven't seen that yet....
Speaking, 45min. Listening 30-45min
And the sake...
"Oh what a night, late in May back in 99, Ole scored a goal in injury time. What a feeling what a night" #mufc #ManUtd
..... Oh crap
I shudder to think what mine is in your phone
I gotta say... This might just win the Internet today, if only because it made me spit my drink out in public. And it's your birthday.
Oh you flew into LAX? I took advice and flew into BUR and my Lyft was nice and short
Do Not Disturb works great....
I'm just glad I tripled my temperature when I got here - it's an upgrade. The rain doesn't take away from that for me at all!
RT Rashford was the Golden Boy today (via
Narrator: They're also psychopaths.
RT THIS. FOOTBALL. CLUB. #MUFC ❤️
Glory, Glory #ManUtd!
Hah. I don't use iOS
Congrats to the DO Team!
Happy birthday Brandon and a great idea!
RT Alice is hilariously wise here. If you're writing something you expect people to read (like docs or conference talk i…
Yeah it's the people who don't use a headset. At all. And that's a lot of people in my experience.
Wise words from Mr. Rogers
While an overall good article about the release of #ghidra into #opensource, takes a swipe at open source software with this: "Like other open source code, though, expect it to have some bugs." And non-open source doesn't? Really? 🙄 ಠ∀ಠ
One of the subtle differences between Developer Evangelism and Developer Advocacy
I'm having to retrain myself, and it's not easy. But it's important.
You are not "self-made" if you have your status, opportunity, inheritance, kickstart, whatever from someone else. That's literally the opposite of self-made.
I need to submit...
That FaceTime sucks. Stay focused Craigy. See that's the problem with your generation, they can't follow a simple line of conversation or reasoning, instead losing interest and looking for their next bag of crisps.
Prove me wrong whippersnapper
This was the tipping point?
FaceTime is the worst invention ever, requiring you to speak at high volumes while letting everyone in the airport hear your crying grandchildren who got woken up to say goodbye to you and just want their Cheerios. Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
RT Nazi salutes, smiles and a swastika made of red party cups in California. Giggles, mocking concentration camps, discussi…
Oh you're right. I should have finished the whole bag then... Missed opportunity.
Oh yes we are. That being said, this was a joke based on circumstances and not in any way a serious excitement about cults.
Well, that and a bunch of other things...
Holy f&amp;%knut what? That's insane.
RT It's almost here! Remember to use our hashtag #SCaLE17X for all your SCaLE posts. Can you feel the excitement? RT and s…
Roughly 1am or so.
With regex I'll just burn down the house...
Momma always said that the first ingredient is what was the most in the item... So "carrot" means they're actually healthy.
I think you misspelled "ERMAHGERD I'm making a grocery run now!"
So I finally gave into my urge... Other than the fact that the cookies break easily, they are amazeballs.
RT 👍 Thanks for the replies. I've collated a list of questions here Setup a new site to answer these q…
Daughter in the car: "During rehearsal tonight we started a cult and evidently I'm the leader." Me: *snort*
RT If you haven't put Bad Voltage Live on your calendar yet, you should do so right now. Friday March 8th, at SCaLE in Pas…
Maybe...
. came on while shopping at with my oldest and I sang along unabashedly. AMA.
"Life is not fair!"
Feels like I should learn from the master sometime
And I endorse your efforts
RT Today we’re excited to announce GitLab’s launch on Marketplace! 🎉 Now you can started with GitLab in one click:…
Almost all the food groups in that salad. Well done.
While I won't be able to make this, I am looking forward to hearing and his Developer Onboarding talk if will record and share...
RT “Hello World! 👋“ - #DOMarketplace ... Another new product launch from the talented humans at 🦈 I’m beyond i…
While cats aren't a favourite of mine, this is a great tutorial!
FWIW, Brave uses the same profile structure that Chrome does
RT In short, don't promote the sense of community as a reason why people should join the community. Let it sneak up on mem…
Already ready for Matty's talk at #scale17x
RT Hey #cmgr friends, it's still not too late to sign up to learn from as he share his insights on how you c…
I moved to Brave and loving it. Chrome extension work as well.
Now that's proper conference swag
This is awesome!
A #scale17x talk I am looking forward to
America... we are fast becoming the land of the idiots. When logic, reason, and critical thinking are replaced by fear, idiocy, and blind trust in conspiracy... This is what we become. 🤦‍♂️
I just keep getting more and more impressed with
Much the same question is often asked about #devrel and the answer is often the same: wherever it fits the goals of the business the best.
You should also look at as an alternative to Jekyll... Faster, modern, well-supported, and more powerful
RT Is there anyone we could connect with on this? #scale17x is just a few days away an we want to make sure we…
Awesome! Look forward to reconnecting after #DevConfCZ
Looking forward to connecting!
My Jeep had the fabric windows and the zipper had broken so I couldn't unzip the driver's side window - I backed through the drive thru and had my friend do the ordering and paying. Seems they were a bit suspicious - so a cop showed up to make sure I wasn't inebriated.
RT This Coachella lineup sucks.
No that's exactly what happened. 😎🤩
Or you can try what I did once and drove my Jeep backwards through the drive thru. And I hadn't even drank anything.
Transparency is a thing...
RT here are the winning numbers in tomorrow's pothole lottery: I-635 both directions between the Mo line and WyCo line.…
Growing up a staunch supporter of the GOP, I've lost count of the number of scare tactics used... Also can't think of a single one that came true. What are they afraid of?
This gonna be good!
Oof... That's the worst, shoddiest piece of work I've seen...
Rock it!
Correction... it's not "kissing"... it's more like frenching... Now I need to go use bleach on my eyes
Oh no! What happened?
RT and water is wet.
Sleep in, forget to put phone on charger, accidentally have phone on quiet mode instead of ringer... now that I put that down it may make sense as to why they no longer wanted me on-call
Dang it! I've really got to go to Montreal
That's quite the invisible selfie stick you have going on there!
RT Friday night at in Pasadena, join us for LIVE. Thanks to and for sponsor…
RT Rather than “git blame” I would like to see “git I did the best I could with the tools and organizational structure availab…
This has been my experience as well, and where I have made some awesome friends over the years.
Kansas City is my hometown. Come visit!
So is live with a future home placeholder... only thing I had time for... Now I need to figure out how to handle urls and such with Hugo for your "/rel" suggestion ;)
RT Do you #monitor your PubSub+ #brokers? 👀 You can now stay on top of the health of your brokers and your mission critical…
#remotework is awesome
RT New from me: Fox News HAD the story of Trump's hush money payoffs to Stormy Daniels BEFORE the election but killed it be…
Take care of yourself
[5 of ?🧵] Gathering all of the answers together helps you identify common themes and potential strategies in building out your #DevRel org. Look for those ways that you can show the impact of your org by helping the company achieve their OKRs...
[4 of ?🧵] Driving to impact for your #DevRel org requires you to start asking questions of multiple orgs in your company. Those questions are meant to help you understand the mission, vision, values, etc of the company, and where DevRel intersects
[3 of ?🧵] #DevRel goes back to at least 1995 with companies like Netscape, Apple, Microsoft, InstallShield, and Sun all having "Developer Relations" roles, literally there to "build relationships with Developers". It isn't a new thing, hell it's old!
It's hard to put together a framework for a discipline like #DevRel because it varies wildly depending on things like the stage of your company, whether your product has market fit, who your customer is, etc.... [2 of ?🧵]
Recently I started a blog series focused on moving #DevRel forward, and here are some snippets from each post in this thread. Also, I'm still #OpenToWork and would love to chat about any roles you have around DevRel, Community, DevEx, etc. [1 of ?🧵]
RT it's = it is its = possessive Don't worry, it's confusing to remember its correct usage.
RT As atrocities against innocent civilians by Hamas continue to come out, those still defending all this as "resistance" will l…
Oh shit. Hope you're feeling ok and healing!
Hey / - love the service, but if you have any issues forget about getting any help. I don't love getting hung up on, getting online chat's closed, and general terrible service.
And posted their slides
This talk was one of the highlights for me at #Monktoberfest
RT We just posted the video for our September meetup with from AWS, talking about "Spend more time on features, less…
100% and something I have come to believe strongly. I touched on some of the ways I have see DevRel collaborating with Sales and Marketing in one part of my recent blog series
Oddly enough Tim, this is the exact same GIF that you sent me when I mentioned I had been fully diagnosed.
Yeah, for sure. My challenge was I had relied on my work in DevRel and Community with the constant context switching as my coping mechanism... And when everything went to hell in 2020, I spiralled.
They usually do!
Definitely interesting and I appreciate it. I too need a script or else I'm chasing that squirrel until it finds its friends and they all go on an adventure
RT Moderate &amp; liberal Muslims, Christians &amp; Jews get along just fine, every day, across the world. They don't get media cov…
RT Jared Kushner’s clearance is more of a national security threat than Hillary Clinton’s e-mail server.
Happy Anniversary! Wife and I hit 18 this year!
Yep! There for Kafka Summit Mar 31-Apr 3
You can. Get quality coffee, grinder, water, and brewer.
For all my fellow #devrel #avocado friends out there on this lazy Sunday
RT It’s the 25th anniversary of John Candy’s passing. We cooked up a small tribute to a comedic genius and Canadian hero.…
Or you could let gifs do the talking for you.
How's everyone doing today?
And I was providing Mr. Bolton with info as he obviously needs it.
Yeah...
Starting with that post, follow this thread for all of Trump's unhinged (read: normal) comments at CPAC
Also known as "Manifest Destiny"
Hah I'm at a period of not being burned out but figured I would buy it and then look at ways to use it
RT Trump, speaking to adoring goons at CPAC, criticized clean energy, saying, “When the wind stops blowing, that’s the end of…
I have maybe some collaboration could happen
Now mice have a reason to fear Jaws
And SDRE... Such a great late 80s/early 90s bands.
Yes, how could I forget The Cure? The embodiment of "emo" in music and fashion... What all emo bands aspired to. "Fascination Street" is one of my favourite songs of theirs, if not of all time
Yup. Solid song and album, but nothing beats the emo of The Smiths and Morrissey, pioneers before it was a thing in the late 80s early 90s.
OKR ftw
Sounds like me and kebabs
At all actually. Something which needs to be rectified
There such a thing as 3a corned beef? I feel like I've been missing something essential all these years
Sleep? I must have missed something... What is that?
My oldest (15) whispered "My heart already hurts."
Preview for "Toy Story 4" just played in the theatre and I'm already tearing up... And it's not out till this Summer. I'm done for.
Will it never end? 🙂🙃
So just checking all the boxes then?
Who's joining me at #SCaLE17x ?
Great theme there! While a fan of "Field of Dreams" and "Bull Durham", "For the Love of the Game" is my favourite Costner baseball movie, with "Draft Day" a great overall sports movie.
Good set of fact checking data on the dumpster fire (in a multitude of dumpster fires from 2019 already) that is CPAC
Lawrence, Kansas PD win the Internet today with this thread
Thanks for sharing and the transparency mate. 👏👏 Well done and keep doing what you're doing.
On point and accurate.
So what he is actually saying is Trump didn't know it was a crime? Only thing that makes sense from such a ridiculous statement
RT We have a president who's going to run for reelection in 2020 purely to avoid facing indictments and federal prison, yet…
So sad David. Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
The very reason why I saw the first Matrix movie in the theater 7 times.
Making my first Scale this next week, and looking forward to what Microsoft Open Source is bringing #SCALE17x
RT Warmbier family statement on Kim Jong Un: “Now we must speak out. Kim and his evil regime are responsible for the death of our…
They're implanting the eggs for a reboot of the Alien franchise... Only way to make it work is punch through to the brain.
It is really hard to disagree with any of these on this list of Top 64 Alternative Songs from the 80s.
I just used a BSG "So say we all" in an exit row responsibility acceptance query. AMA.
Spot on.. #cmgr are so important, don't let them get lost in your organisation
Either offer as an updated post, or reshare the article on social media
RT Calling all #DevRel &amp; #CMgr folks: If you're responsible for an online community of any kind, please don't forget to fill o…
OH: "Can the nursing home staff come pick up Grandpa now?"
A good thread of speaking tips from Jess as found in the latest #DevRelWeekly
You sound like that is a problem?
Add Alka-seltzer after Option 2.
Good advice for #cmgr
Postman is knocking it out of the park right now!
Servant Leadership wins every time
I just backed Throw Throw Burrito on
A significant move for CSS
But you would have
Completely agree. Was part of an org which did this and didn't know until after joining. Attempting to change course took the entirety of my time there.
Community members wanting to interact with staff of the organisation is a good thing and should be encouraged, however if that org has created the community to reduce staff (usually support/community team) it's highly unlikely that the rest of org will interact. Rarely seen it.
Ahh right. Completely agree and have seen that first-hand.
Yup which is why I got mine at - took me all of 1min on mobile.
I agree with Rachel, and in fact I have seen this in brand and support communities where the community members want the support/engineers/etc to engage before they will engage consistently
We're far past the point where "Trump claimed otherwise" means anything other than "Trump lied" and should be followed by laughter.
Not sure if he's serious, but at this point with the Evangelicals it's getting a bit hard to tell anymore
That's fantastic.
RT We're thrilled to announce the addition of Foundation as a signatory in "Affirmation of the Open Source Defin…
#ComicSansForLife
Isn't that how it's supposed to be?
Some great tips for #cmgr on skills necessary for a #community career from
RT This is why I tell all of my clients that they should be bubbling up their wins throughout the week to their stakeholders.…
Isn't that really just the same as long underwear? Don't see any issues there.
Yeah... Looking back who would have thought?
Oh that's going to be insane...
DWade being DWade.
I have no degree of any form, unless a healthy degree of insanity counts, and I've been able to be successful and work at some pretty awesome companies over the years. That advice was terrible and imagine the hurt it caused!
Nooo! Had some amazing drinks and food there with , and during #DevRelCon
Our very own , Senior Architect at , helped clean up definitions on the #AsyncAPI specification. Read more about it in the status update -
This has me excited to find time to build and relive my childhood
RT #Developers -- check out our guide to #messaging with Solace PubSub+ on 📗 Sign up for the course now (it's free)…
Developer education over conversion #devrel
These closing remarks are golden. Thank you Rep. Cummings. "Rep. Elijah Cummings' closing remarks at Cohen hearing" -
I'm seeing a trend....
I love NordVPN and it works nicely for me on all platforms. They even have a browser extension if you don't need your entire traffic on a VPN
Ahh... I need a Switch
A great interview with on Developer Communities and the usefulness of forums
Some great ways for #DevRel teams to provide value to their developer communities
Very dainty as well, and didn't even use a napkin as a bib!
In Germany I've been to Berlin (loved it) but only Frankfurt and Munich airports; same for France but only ever been through CDG. Would love a tour through the better parts of France and through other places in Germany. And if we're ever in Poland together I got the tour.
Hah! It's on the official Twitter app as well, I just didn't pay attention
Because they don't know where they'll end as they type, and the mobile app (for instance) doesn't have the "add a tweet" function like the web app does - nor do 3rd party apps (or some might that I'm not aware of)
1am central. And what's Tetris 99?
RT It's generally pointless to improve the conversion metrics at the early stage if you simply lose them at the next. Th…
Narrator: *snort*
RT I'm starting to think isn't very good at negotiating.
"enter this Instagram post of unicorns into the record"
RT It was a pleasure to talk #DevRel and the importance of owing your online community channels with ⁦ &amp; ⁦
This. So much this.
Yes let go with that
The constant "enter this newspaper into the record" was ridiculous
Does your developer community need a forum? #devrel
I relate sooo much with this kid on so many levels
Travel size?
Mayo is fantastic. Real mayo. Anything else is dog food. Though I do like this new "Aioli Mayo" I picked up recently.
Yes I WANT this - and I NEED this
It is somewhat telling in that all the questions I have seen have been directed at trying to further defame / knock down Cohen and not actually address his testimony
Value/quality &gt; quantity. 👏👏
Seems like he was just doing what you wanted him to do. Why else would you call him up on the couch?
On point
Who cares how long a lawyer wants to wait to get paid? It's his prerogative, not yours Mr. #GymJordan
1: Rep Meadows claims that because someone is a daughter of a black southern man and has never heard Trump say something racist then Trump isn't racist. 2: Meadows says he's talked with Trump &gt;300 times and never heard him say anything racist. So he's not racist. LOLWUT?
Boom! 💥
I see your "Boston cold" and raise you Ottawa cold.
In any other Senate this would be the proof needed to guarantee impeachment. The mental gymnastics that McConnell will go through to ignore this already boggle my mind. Remember if it was Obama the GOP would have impeached before the first year was up on _anything_ Trump's done.
Wait... Coffee has water... Why water it down with more water?
Congratulations! That's awesome!
Those hills are a bit crazy, and I can't imagine them in ice
Ahh makes sense. Yeah one and he got off with no real consequence.
Yikes... Only was aware of one
I'm a couple of episodes in and loving it so far
Live it up!
With the public evidence, I don't see any way the House Ethics Committee doesn't do just that. His daddy can't get him out of this one (he had a DUI his Florida Senator dad got him out of) and his response to Pelosi is bull crap.
And Pelosi's response, while vague, points to action being taken.
Haven't you watched the whole thing? He goes crazy. It's a bad look.
Clogged arteries help you stand on your own if you faint, thus reducing the potential for head trauma. Without your head, what good are you?
Holy crap... Witness intimidation, blackmail... So blatant it's unconscionable.. and from a member of Congress
I'm planning on being in Seattle for Build... Must do some karaoke. I'm sure would be in
With their own eggs was brilliant
Finally.. proper mayo and fries. Nothing better. Fight me.
I'm about to wear mine on my beard as I am starving
#DevRelLife
This is great advice.. too often we want to point people in the direction we want them to go when using an app/service, but DX/UX is about seeing _their_ experience through _their_ eyes, not ours.
I heard from support and for some reason I received a text message I shouldn't have. They noted my account and if I get charged it'll be easy to roll back those charges.
Never be afraid to admit mistakes
So - I'm confused... What happened over 2 weeks that I now am not getting free talk, text, data?
Looks like it. You need a do over
Hangovers suck...
The 8th is currently in review by the Vatican... All signs point to inclusion though
The important questions in life...
Oh Me! Pick me!
.. but at the same time encouraging someone to DM you instead of continuing to discuss publicly can cause transparency to take a hit as well as encourage someone to DM you when you don't want to discuss privately, especially if the convo is a bit heated.
I think it's a bit helpful &amp; a bit annoying. My assumption is that this pops up when there are multiple people talking, &amp; one of the "senses of community" is belonging - so if you're not getting replied to but others are, that can be harmful to your interaction in the community..
RT NEW! This week on #DevChats, I speak to on, guess what, developer relations! But also much much more. A fascina…
I get even more gassy than normal with fizzy water... So there you have it. 😊😜
RT If Trump has 19 sexual assault allegations and is traveling south at 60 mph, and Jeffrey Epstein has 36 sexual assault a…
Completely agree. There's just something about them...
We all have choices to make, and history will be the judge of the generation. The problem is the generation making the choices now won't be the one bearing the consequences of them later.
You're brilliant
The customs here in Ottawa asked me the purpose of my business 3 times... And I _think_ I coherently answered each time
I haz 1gb up/down with
This is what I picture your 13th birthday was like
Event-driven microservices for your business
Happy Birthday to the #devrel maven !!!!
I imagine using this to pull random HTTP 404 messages for a website
Nope. I don't care what's in that suitcase that I might need - it's getting doused with gasoline and burnt. Rinse (with gasoline). Repeat.
This is good, solid advice.
Probably because no one saw the Oscars last night?
As am I. Any man who gets offended by this can go f#$% themselves with a rabid porcupine.
Oh come on... He clearly asked, she clearly accepted, and he stopped when she had her dress and heels under control. I do get you're being a bit facetious here...
Happy Birthday mate!
Practice makes perfect
Started the day with a #Guinness for breakfast and ending the day with one. #winning #adulting #doingitright
RT My daughter overcoming her fear in real time (wait for it). I might have been more nervous than she was. 👧🏼🛹⬇️
Exactly. Follow the other thread about these gimmicks.
Of course that was mentioned as a use case to a room full of people who would "Ooh" and "Ahh" the very thing that they do so as to amplify the voice for said gimmick.
Again... Anything that's given any fanfare at these events is a gimmick - I've lost track of them at this point. You're illustrating the very definition. Doesn't mean it won't sell... Heck the Evo 3D sold units... But its main "feature" was a gimmick and didn't last.
That's a gimmick by definition - "a trick or device intended to attract attention, publicity, or business."
It makes it a gimmick if it is "a trick or device intended to attract attention, publicity, or business."
Strongly disagree. $2k for the Galaxy Flex is ridiculous and it won't sell any reasonable amount of units. Overpriced is still overpriced regardless of if it fulfills the purpose. I can build a bidet for Brandon that cleans _and_ dries his bum for $2500 and it won't sell.
Here's the thing - I've seen everything come and go the last 20 years in the mobile industry. The gimmick trash heap just keeps getting bigger.
Ahh so its an add-on gimmick. That'll go over as well as the Moto Mods did.
Ok. Does any of what you mentioned justify the price tag?
Growing up a staunch GOP'er (even bought a hat and shirt), he's not wrong here in this thread.
What makes the dual screen better on the LG? How is it not a gimmick, like 3D?I will be surprised if the dual screen phones sell outside of Asia
Right. So why single out LG here?
In all fairness, what isn't a gimmick at this point?
RT Never confuse kindness as a sign of weakness.
Ahh gotcha. Seems cool. Is Tom there as well? I need a friend who'll always be there.
RT NOTION ALL THE THINGS. It's amazing and has changed my life. I use it professionally and personally.
wait... What's Twitter?
Check your Scottish English as you still got it wrong.
Would those be beef ends? Pork ends?
Times are tough... He's now living with the seagulls
RT RT if you're a public speaker and you still panic
Heading back to HQ in Ottawa for the week. Cold. Snowy.
The only thing they have going for them
Doing it right. #ChiefsKingdom
Let's do it.
I’ll be giving it at #ConnectTech in a few weeks!
Yeah, it's remarkable how readily they're self-identifying themselves
I’m giving a talk soon about my journey to being (finally) diagnosed with ADHD (back in early 2022) to now, and the things I have learned along the way. I would love to include some of the tricks/tips you all have (knowing it’s subjective), as well as resources to share.
RT In the last week Travis Kelce has… •Continued to publicly date arguably America’s most famous woman •Perfectly parried A…
RT Are you a company looking for good, community-driven meetups to sponsor, and maybe even speak at? Look no further than our #d…
RT Between my wife &amp; I our household's given 12+ talks in the last 2 months on topics like developer thriving, computational p…
RT Elon thinks he’s slick telling people to follow a pro Hamas monetized site for ‘real time coverage’ he’s not. Don’t fall fo…
The very definition of a CTA, so SEO would likely be really good
No! This is so sad! I'm glad to have met and worked with him, and I'm sending out thoughts and prayers to his family 😢
Holy shit. I'm seeing "Spider-Man: Across the Universe" for the first time, and this movie is. So. Fucking. Good.
It was at REGARDS
RT Since taking the vaccine, Travis Kelce has won the Super Bowl, been an all pro twice, and is currently dating the most fam…
"Where are my legs?!"
Found my happy place at DTW in front of a TV playing #MUNLIV #ManUtd #MUFC
Good morning Twitter from 10k feet
In some ways it's like the early days of email, when you discovered that friend of yours got pissed off because they couldn't read your voice in the text and so misinterpreted what you said. Emojis often don't help either.
TFW you get up 30min before your alarm, get ready, get the Lyft to the airport, at the gate 100min before flight, and all alone. And tired. Did I mention there's no one at the gate?
What did I just read?
RT Reminder to put the DEV badge on your personal site alongside Twitter and your other social links. You can either use the…
One of the most exhilarating things I've done.
Narrator: Nothing is surprising here
Reminds me of my kids when they were younger. And yesterday.
I wondered about the shadow block but it's people that wouldn't do that to me... Or *would they*? I'm gonna go with a Twitter bug
So Twitter-friends... Anyone else seeing people you were following *magically* be unfollowed?
Congrats to for this achievement!
This beats the old "150% Estimation" we used at Sprint years ago which was as inaccurate as it was ridiculous... So this seems about right.
Holy crap... This Finca Palestina coffee from Guatemala and roasted by is the best coffee I have ever had from the region. They aren't wrong about the flavour notes either... Amazing.
Yessss!
RT Oh look, discovers socialism. #MAGA
Pics or it didn't happen
Meet Matthew Groves #devrel
The musician inside me and the kid at heart needed to watch this tonight... "Sound City" on
I'm assuming 🍺 as well as dinner?
Glenwood is too, bleh... Too touristy... Leadville still retains its mining mentality
Isn't like that? I would love it, and yeah - up near Leadville, CO would be my choice
RT When you start reporting on the ‘dehumanizing way’ male politicians run their staff we can talk. Until then take all the se…
Ahh... Turboprops... The source of new underwear purchases
Cheat sheets are awesome! This is a great one from
A great call to Country over Party from
"Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a purpose." -Garrison Keillor
Oh you got this!
Sounds about right
#getnzonthemap
Haven't read the books... Love the show.
Just look at her and say, "Life is not fair!" And then go back to eating in front of her.
Looks to be a great #devrel position!
Lots of really good talk around imposter syndrome happening!
Just make it into a meme or gif and add it as a reaction in Slack
Hard to see the "splendor" with the sun bouncing off that moppets head
Perfectly sums up my feelings on bran, well, everything
That's how I got the private tour of the Guinness Storehouse... You're doing it right.
Yep! This is the exact look I get from you 80% of the time
That's a great shot! Perfect
#1 or #4... #2 and #3 are so close to the disappointed look you give me that my eye starts twitching
Vital points on Developer/User Experience
Mind you - I'm not even sorry it happened.
You're not alone there - I can for a short time and then I gotta get up, move around, do something
Wow - the Blues get slapped hard.
Rest - it does a body good.
I guess that will have to do...
RT “There’s a lot of people who have compromised those principles or convictions in order to accommodate a president who’…
Only a few spam DMs over the years, otherwise it's been useful
RT Welcome To The Blue Hell #NoOtherClub
I would totally take on a date but won't be in SF that week
Wait... You use Safari?
Getting out of there is going to cost some people an arm and a leg.
This was amazing. Never give up. Ever.
I would love to hear the story of what you've learned and how you've grown
I'll wait
This has been my life more times than I care to admit
RT Stephen Miller pummeled over his ‘absurd’ border wall lies in scathing Washington Post column
Knowing Richard you're in for a treat!
I'm actually a bit surprised you haven't been. Also disappointed.
Galactic WiFi I have heard is the best, or so tells me
Casa Bonita is amazing and we take our kids every time we pass through or stop in Denver. The food isn't even that good but it's the experience. The sopa pilas are the best thing there food wise
You'll make a great Phil Jones
RT Can I ask a favor? Given the recent news I've been sharing about Travis CI's recent layoffs, and your overwhelming suppor…
RT BREAKING: the North Carolina Board of Elections just passed a unanimous motion calling for a new election in the 9th Cong…
Keep it coming.... Living vicariously through you
Glitch is rocking right now!
For science of course
Aspiration in life: Take as much joy in what I do as the Swedish Chef does in cooking.
/me contacts FedEx for shipping options
Great advice for speakers and one I need to fully implement
As with exercise you have to train your body. Each day push a bit more...
Definitely a good way of explaining postman variables
Great ways to deal with #ImposterSyndrome
While there should be no excuse for missing this webinar, alien landings have been known to happen, so thankfully you can watch the replay
You can't be "waiting for one" when you haven't ordered one. Stop being lazy.
Context matters, as does what the CoC says
Hot Take: The #GalaxyFold is going to fail as a product. Sure it will sell units, but will ultimately fail, especially at that price point. It needs to be $1k cheaper to get actual adoption.
Yes. All the time.
If you're going to be late to the party, might as well make it count
I thought that was anytime you bake bread
That's good, because we love gluten. Lot's of it.
Meh.. not a fan of snow. Annoying to say the least.
Gluten all the things
Going to go out on a limb here and say 1 in 58.
RT for reach
/me checks for jury duty summons...
RT 1/ Here’s the interview that and Fox News didn’t want you to see. I chose to release it, because I think we s…
I knew it!
Well wishes and a gif
My sense of humor, empathy, eyes, and nose. Everyone says so.
RT Only Mueller should decide when his investigation is complete. And when he's done, the public should see his full report. Not…
Rutger Bregman is my hero. He's spot on.
Developer Advocacy is one of the most important roles a SaaS company can have
Can't make it. Recording and slides must happen...
That's perfect Ado! Means you can buy one for me.
Responding with obligatory "Lulz!!!"
"Gnaw a friend's arm, gnaw an arm right near you, gnaw a friend's arm and sing 'Galaxy Fold Nao!'"
Where have I heard this before?
On some trips it's the place I do the most drinking... Which given some of the events I'm at could be a cause for concern
RT So many managers refuse to present a strategy to their team until it's done. The best mgrs allow their team to collaborate…
Very true. Making mistakes is part of learning. I do think that an important piece of making mistakes is not letting one mistake become the next mistake, and so on.
It's ALWAYS about the Oxford comma.
Hoping recognises this and does it. The law is on the side of transparency.
Other way of looking at it is to remember and recognise your contributions and what they led to.
Your beard is on point!
Oh this is fantastic!
More true than I want to admit sometimes
This gonna be good! Also, informative like a Ted talk.
He wasn't wrong. Our differences and diversity as a country make us better
cURL those APIs
Travel Back to 1990 With the Original World Wide Web Browser via
Do I know anyone going to #DockerCon that might have a discount code for a ticket?
Hmm, seems I need to return a nice hat I bought on Amazon
Embrace it. Ask to have the blow up guy sit with you
It's literally called "Lulzbot"?
Someone needs an intervention
With all the changes Medium is making, I foresee a big migration to
It's amazing what you overhear when you're channel surfing
A powerful combination
Yeah like I've driven in more than this in the past and we've had school. Are we becoming a bunch of snowflakes? (Pun totally intended)
That is how fast the snow was coming down with flash from the camera amplifying in the dark... also, ridiculous.
That might be a bad omen
Snow's stopped. FFS
Maybe mention if you have fortune cookies as well?
Yeah this is ridiculous. Snow is basically done, with maybe 2in? and precipitation looks to be done.
There could also be snakes. With the dead body. Maybe caused by the snakes.
And school is cancelled again. For the 4th day in a row. This is ridiculous.
Oh heck yes. The Jazz is awesome in KC, and there's the best BBQ in the world as well
You can always come back and see if you feel the same way or not
I love your optimism
It's snowing again. FML.
Delta is truly awesome. They're now my airline of choice and they haven't let me down yet.
The original developer evangelist
Hopefully more will listen than those who are supposed to sit and let those with short connections off the plane first. Also hope everything is ok.
RT 📣 Extra extra! We're back for 2019. Tickets and CFP are now open 👇
Enjoy! You've earned it!
"#DevRel + #community management = 💯" dropping math on "Business Value of Developer Relations" webinar And to think I'd never use algebra in real life!
ERMAHGERD! Scotland is the best! What takes you there?
Yes, but is it Fair Trade?
I could eat them all day long - and have. My favourite thing while traveling is to find that late night kebab or gyro shop and gorge myself before sleeping.
Why can't it be me? Also, tell me more! I love gyros
Install a treadmill in the shower. That'll trim some of the time needed.
Also only you.
Collaboration on strategy FTW
This should be a good conversation about what #DevOps is all about
All you #seattle friends... Head out and support this Meetup!
As a devrel professional you are the face of your company wherever you are, especially as you're likely at events and giving talks, etc. So yes, you may be considered the enemy - and that's not always something you can control or change.
Great #devrel identity statement from in the Webinar "Business Value of Developer Relations" happening now
Vaccines save lives. Fact.
RT Look MAGA toons; if you work with a hostile foreign power while they undermine our democratic institutions, don’t compl…
Good question for #DevRel professionals
Some good tips for developers sharing their thoughts
"It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job." -Douglas Adams
RT So angry that Malia spent the weekend relaxing in South Florida. Who does she think she is— a president who just declared a n…
RT Message to when you conspire with a former campaign adviser (Sessions) to deny a man his pension 26 hou…
A fact which reveals itself in many new levels sometimes hourly
And that's a whole new level on a scale that keeps getting bigger for these guys
Here's mine... And a little bit of a letdown, but understandable since we share awesome names
I hate cauliflower
Doooo eeeet! We'll wait.
I never had an Apple until the 2000s, but I wish I could pull out my Atari 800XL... The memories this whole thread evokes from my youth are priceless
I liked all of them, though Iron Fist could have slipped off into the sunset and no one would have noticed
You got an Algolia shirt? Once you figure out what you had to do let me know! I still don't have one.
Dude....
RT We're looking for a Community Manager to join and manage our online presence in collaboration with the rest of our…
Don't make eye contact...
Somebody has to... Those things are nasty
Very disappointed, but not surprised. Was only a matter of time.
RT This is really important: is everyone processing that, across two tweets today—considered official presidential statement…
I've heard from a friend that the Monoprice ones are solid.. but can likely provide more info
Seems legit
For those who have grown up in a world without Chris Farley, there is a whole in your life you don't even know about.
Go #MUFC
Good, long thread around what CBS's interview with McCabe means in line with law, justice, and procedure.
This explains everything about dolphins!
There is always a place for you in #opensource
RT Looking for a freelance writer who can help put together blog posts. The key requirements are flawless English and abili…
RT It’s called the First Amendment.
One of the funniest skits I have seen in awhile #PoundPuppy
Trump whittling down his Cabinet to loyalists (over Country) and a bunch of "acting" positions solidifies him against #25thAmendment
Kicking off Day 2 of is the incomparable , who I am sooo stoked to see speak LIVE and was finally able to meet in person! She is talking about “Is it time to version observability? (Signs point to yes)”
"Infrastructure is the code you _need_ to run, in order to run the code you _want_ to run." - at
Day 2 of is about to begin! #devopsdays
Lol I'm doing well mate. Miss you.
I was gutted to not be able to attend so I will definitely be checking out the great talks!
RT This past 2024, I had the high honor of giving a lightning talk on brain health and the importance of slee…
Final Ignite of is talking about Fast Flow blockers and pitfalls. So much in this is about removing the blockers like cognitive load, misunderstanding how our services work, and making sure our services are aligned to the business.
Third Ignite is to talk about baking good DevOps. I always get hungry in this Ignite Don't build the dough faster than the butter melts. A few seconds make a difference. Mix it up, deploy that app to a buttery texture. Get the "Yums" feedback. Sprinkle on the DevOps
The next Ignite at is with how to help a DevOps team that's in trouble. First address the mindset, then the tooling, then the ops experience, with a goal of optimizing value. Platform teams can help DevOps teams scale.
For the Ignites section of we first have ranting about why observability won't fix your broken monitoring. He recommends #opensource
Implementing an MVP consisted of building a pipeline that utilized config repos, Terraform, and then deploying to a cloud provider - at
Simplifying into shared workflows helped them avoid duplication and template as much as possible. - at
When they began to address the concerns, the unified around archetypes so that they could utilize templated code that would be ready to be built with the inputs via their Maven instance. Eliminating the complications made it easier to get approval - at
Implementing a composable architecture was the best approach for them, utilizing MACH (microservices, API first, cloud native, and headless) - at
The core principles she used to bring about change were: - Face the problem - Overview &amp; dive in - Build it She broke it down to identifying what they wanted, and then taking an approach to identifying the architecture, codebase, and CI/CD + Cloud - at
Next up in the afternoon at Day 1 is talking about a successful implementation with “Speed Up Microservice Setup with Composable Approach” Getting an e-commerce company to make a change when it’s already working is a challenge she was able to overcome
Some good resources are available at: - - - ////// - at
The amount of effort you invest comes down to your commitment to the overall program and your objectives. ASBAT (A Student Should Be Able To) helps identify the content, and ADDIE (Analyze, Design, Dev, Implement, Eval) inform your process - at
A confidence-boosting learning program is not a “one-size-fits-all” process… Figure out where people are and have some combination of one or all of these: - “Sink or Swim” - Self-study - Buddy system - Ad-hoc - Systemic Training program - at
Training isn’t about the firehose, it’s about believing in yourself, and going beyond the organizational culture. Learning really kickstarts the confidence necessary. Having a learning pipeline that goes through building confidence effectively - at
Shrimp tacos.... that is the tweet
RT Leaders should be judged by the growth of their team members. If you become an amazing person but everyone you're leadin…
Damn it... I really want to go but don't think I can make it work
RT tech won't save us, but it won't kill us either. people are the problem, and we ourselves are the fix. another great talk…
Uhm...
OH: In that case, let's get another bottle.
OH: We're the funk. We're the barnyard.
DOH...
The future: the need of storytelling and communication is only increasing. With so many new things appearing - highly important, because more informed solutions come from understanding the past. So ask yourself, “Are there stories you can go tell?” - at #Monktoberfest
Six tips to better storytelling: 1- no feigning surprise (Recurse Center) 2- know your audience 3- leave space (pacman principle) 4- empathy (understand/share view of another) 5- when you mention a tech, explain it 6- communicate emotion &amp; pain - at #Monktoberfest
Learning technical history is not super easy, and we’re just bad at it. But there can be a better way to explain these technologies and experiences in a useful way, and that’s storytelling - at #Monktoberfest
Being a representative in tech means you sometimes find yourself learning older languages (i.e. Pascal, Delphi, Lotus Notes, MS Access) as defense mechanisms - at #Monktoberfest
The impact of this exclusionary nerdery: makes people feel less than, doesn’t help people learn, creates unnecessary division, and continues the cycle. It also is intersectional across race, gender, socioeconomical, etc. - at #Monktoberfest
Reminiscing on older tech (aka every Slack Taylor has been in) shuts out participation from those who have never been there, and then the “This has been done before” person takes the air out of the balloon - at #Monktoberfest
Manual work isn’t a flex like it used to be. Newer engineers don’t have the context of what we dealt with before all the automation of doing a thing (frontend vs backend, sw vs hw, product vs infra, etc.) - at #Monktoberfest
Exclusionary nerdery is fine to be passionate about things we are involved in, but again not at the expense of others. Be inclusive with the things we’re passionate about, being aware of intent vs impact. - at #Monktoberfest
We may wear a lot of hats, and Taylor definitely does, but what brings it all together is storytelling. And so “what came before our existing software dev processes?” is an opportunity for some great storytelling - at #Monktoberfest
Having good conversations which are fun and exciting shouldn’t be at the expense of others. We need to build up our communities, not tear them down. - at #Monktoberfest
Now we have at #Monktoberfest Day 2 with “You used floppy disks, so what?” 🤪💀 also “You used ______, so what?” about how we all have different stories of our experiences.
Some great resources available at - at #Monktoberfest
Those look like my Instagram / Facebook shades from Droidcon NYC
I see a new speaker headshot in the making
Yeah I think I'm waiting with them.. thanks for the input
Yeah mine are mid- to lower-teen, so probably best to view and then introduce when they're all ready
Also... Good as a family series to watch?
/me runs to queue it up.
Must. Have. Now.
Oh I remember wanting to see this... What service is it on?
Something happen?
I love the border collie's response of "WTF is that thing?"
Or in testing it may just be a Pixel thing for now... But it is using RCS
It's part of RCS, and Messages added full support recently and carriers have been upgrading to it over the years
Do you think maybe it is because he knows they won't get confirmed and as such can continue to consolidate power? How many "acting" people are still in roles without anyone nominated? How many positions haven't even been nominated to be filled? Autocratic thinking
I decided to buy an iPhone
I hear Green Book is good
That dog deserves that fish served on a platter and at the table with everyone else.
Or you just found your new mission in life
RT "Obama told me he was planning a VERY BIG WAR ON NORTH KOREA!- Japan nominated me for a NOBEL PEACE PRIZE!- I have my ow…
RT It is 12:40am and I just published a CLI to that I'm super proud of: create-nodeschool is a utility to help those a…
My popcorn, you can't have any.
Ooohhh! This is awesome!
It's snowing balls. Literally.
Yes, and that's part of the statement. Mary and I talk about this, sometimes ad nauseum, and too many roles are being pushed with this requirement when the role actually doesn't need it.
RT This. Everyone who is present at a conference... attendees, speakers, volunteers, organizers... _everyone_ is a participant…
My name is in my phone I was born in the middle of the night My age is not working properly I like to do the first thing you need
Some fantastic advice for all speakers
As soon as I'm back from my soul vacation I will.
So I'm confused.. it's NOT an emergency and NOT a security concern? But Mr. Cheeto said yesterday it was..
Well until you've sailed across the sun I think it's hard to rate it
If you're in SF and can make this, do it!
Maybe they dropped some Jupiter?
Which musical styling are you?
RT DAY 2 of NATIONAL EMERGENCY: - The President of the United States, flanked by his wife and fellow billionaires, arrive a…
That's an odd beard formation or thyroid growth you have going on. Might want to get that checked out
Burnout is a thing... Watch and listen to talk about it with
Debugging is to blame for my pattern baldness. Also kids. But mostly debugging.
This was on I-70, east of KC today. 47-car pileup. Visibility was low, slick and snowy... no way they should have been driving that fast.
First dip in iodine THEN bleach
In the Carolina's...
Absolutely. You can't call a Mulligan on releasing your open source software after the fact - developers can fork and do whatever they want with it.
RT This exchange of a reporter in the Rose Garden real time fact checking and trying to establish from Trump exactly where h…
"I've made a huge mistake"
It was a metal band on Napster.
Consistency is what matters
A handy list of things to avoid in talks as a further example of displaying empathy
Again knocking it out of the park with user requested / desired features. Way to go!
Issue 53 of #DevRelWeekly is out and ready to be consumed - probably one of the best groupings of #DevRel content you can find out there
This whole press conference is bonkers...
If Trump illegally diverts congressionally approved funds to go to his Not Needed Border Wall, he's pulling from: - DOD Counter-Drug activities - DOD Military Construction I thought he loved the military? I thought drugs were a problem at the border?
RT Fact check: The 25th Amendment is a part of the Constitution of the United States of America.
Kids are giant petri dishes... I'm convinced that sanitizing them as they walk in the house is likely the only protection for the rest of us
So I arrived in Ottawa 🇨🇦 for their Snowmageddon (~30cm of snow) and then I arrive back in KC for us to get ~15cm of snow... I'm beginning to think the problem is me. And I hate snow. And cold.
RT To prove a point: Please RT if you don't have a CS degree and you have a job in tech.
This. Is. #DevRel.
So a typical Thursday in this Administration?
So sparkly company logos. Everyone wins.
I keep hearing that but it will have to be next year...
No. I just want to see Captain Marvel with you two.
YES!
If you haven't signed up for this webinar on #devrel - Go. Now. Why are you waiting? Go!
Just wait. It gets better.
DevOpsDays Buffalo CFP is open!
Thread with good advice. Also use MFA.
I haz 1TB and 16GB...
Which Mac are you using? I have the 2018 MBP 13 and looking for options
Holy f........
Truth.
At my previous job we had a Slack app called Donut which would pair 3 random people upon a weekly basis for a quick 30 minute video call, helping to draw people together.
#ParklandStrong #NeverForget #neveragain
RT Since Senator McConnell became there has not been one bill to meaningfully reduce carbon emissions. I’m cha…
You be you!
I'm anticipating the news story interview right now..
Well, considering I never moved my body in contortion to Mario or Tetris... I know I'm at least better than you
You have to nip it in the bud early, be transparent, and then make sure people in the company know it is unacceptable and there will be full consequences
RT In the year since their friends were killed, the students of Parkland refused to settle for the way things are and marched…
More times than I can count...
RT This. We need more of this.
There are a few... tries to provide a community of people sharing places to work remotely from and is a very active one with remote workers from all over the world which has been around for awhile.
I can't even imagine this loss and every time I try to it knocks me to my core. Things must change. #ParklandStrong #NeverAgain
RT A year ago today, someone intent on doing harm was able to murder 17 students and teachers in Parkland because they had a mili…
RT Thank you for all the kind words and support in this difficult time for many famlies in Parkland. I will be taking a br…
#remotework is not a fad, it's here to stay
Ahh I do miss the Gameboy... Like you I never had one, but had to borrow friend's and cousin's. Those were the days.
#DevRel requires soft skills like empathy and listening more than it requires being a Dev. Does it help to be one? Sure. But in rare exception it shouldn't be a requirement.
Don't be so sure... After performance at #DevRelCon London I would have to say he takes the mug
RT Spacecraft Travel From All Over Galaxy To Honor End Of Opportunity Rover’s Life
Ahh and yes, PECR would be more relevant here. Note: I didn't know what PECR was.. good overview here that Sky probably needs a refresher on
So serious question here &amp; I mostly get GDPR. Your tweets are public by your choice, thus voluntarily (unless you modify the relevant privacy settings) anyone can mention you, reply to you, etc. in public discourse. How would they be violating GDPR? Not saying it isn't shitty
Aww shucks... Wait....?
What psychopath thinks it is a good idea to randomly try to connect to a stranger's phone while waiting in an airport? I see you "Mike's Phone"
Or that you're shown the edit history
It's not an issue just for MPs... Here in the US it's just as much of a problem, with a vast majority of Congress being old and out of touch with reality
RT 👏 You don't need a formal degree to succeed in tech. 👏 You don't need a CS degree to be a great product manager. 👏 Degr…
Absolutely. Same goes for me to anyone.
But Mr. Apple said there would never be a reason for a touchscreen on a laptop, nor would anyone want one
RT This conservative economist just cut through Trump’s bullsh*t to explain how immigrants help raise all Americans’ wages ht…
Good thread of safety advice while traveling in hotels - you can never go "too far" these days.
RT Don’t be sad it’s over, be proud it taught us so much. Congrats to all the men and women of on a mission…
Good step here for #bootstrap fans
Enjoy. More than jealous (sitting in -2C Ottawa with ~25cm of snow), but enjoy yourself!
Similar... One causes the other I believe.
Ahh so I'll ping them over in DevRelCollective!
Are you here in Ottawa now? With Snowmageddon it's a bit sparse I think of things to do
Because devrel and coffee go together like me and pancakes! Can't wait to see the new pics
RT Thought leaders, please stop telling us what we're all doing wrong if your next sentence isn't instructions on how to do…
Holy crap this is awesome, but that leap into its owner's arms at the end.. 😆🤩
You're just diversifying friendships.
This is a good webcast / online meetup if you're looking to expand your speaking opps
My daughter's preferred color is normally black so she would have done this without my encouragement.
Yes. This. So much this.
Building community takes time, and a lot of patience. Support communities are challenging.
“JSON Web Tokens (JWT) Demystified” “JSON Web Tokens (JWT) Demystified” by Tory Walker
Weezer's video for their cover of "Take On Me" is soo good. Can't stop watching it!
Announcing the 2018 Open Source Yearbook: via by
Standing desks are the best!
RT Let’s talk about the moon landings. There’s no way they happened and in this thread I’m going to explain why.
RT Puerto Rico remains in bankruptcy Bodies are backlogged at the morgue 911 calls take 1 to 3 minutes to be answered The…
RT Yooo have you applied to $10,000 open source grant yet?
RT For those of you who are new to the State of Community Management, want to understand our scope of inquiry this year, and/or wa…
Great new redesign for CMX
RT I really want you to come to my IoT Workshopt at #InfluxDays! So much so that I’ll give you a 20% off code.
I usually use a British or Irish accent for Google Assistant... So much better
Geez it totally feels this way more often than not
This thread of speaker cardinal sins should be read by every speaker.. if the shoe fits, own it - and change.
I endorse this message
Community is relationships and can be the better part of Marketing
“you can’t build a great community unless you understand who your audience is and what they want” - some great principles from
Great topic for everyone
Developers don't care that you know until they know that you care
Mine was an 89 Beretta, with my next car after that a 95 Wrangler
My son is learning to drive on my manual transmission VW, and his siblings will as well.
RT Are you curios about becoming a speaker at tech conferences ❓ Are you a member of an underrepresented or marginalised g…
Same problem with mine. But it has no problem recommending "sh💩t" to me. Not sure what that ducking means
Having been at Jess's talk at #HackferenceUK I can attest to the greatness and humour of this talk. Conference organizers, reach out to her! Also she might benefit from less of a peanut gallery as well.
You misspelled "my wife and kids"
This is me whenever I think of writing a book.
ISWYDT. Yep.
There is only one Linus
RT Everyone needs Discourse socks right? Go on... you know you want to.
Holy crap! This is huge for the CMX community!
Don't turn on the TV... I've heard something can come through the tube
I'm in Ottawa now and they have their own Snowmageddon coming... With 1ft+ forecast for tomorrow afternoon. Lucky me.
You are enough.
"Build trust..." So much this
#DevRelCon SF and London... Great grouping of DevRel professionals sharing their struggles, successes, and karaoke.
Automate your testing. Please.
Great role here for someone who loves marketing and startups!
A solid move for a great #devrel newsletter
Brings new meaning to recruiting for your community
That or a dog. Either way I have often pondered making an alarm clock with that as the sound, all but guaranteed to eliminate the snooze button. I am stopped each time imagining the imminent litigation from communal vomiting that would likely ensue.
Give it time... At least to the end of the day
Soft skills are essential for #devrel and #community
RT From a fantastic convo with yesterday post-brunch: Community/DevRel at its core is old-school mom &amp; pop-shop…
This Empire Tavern at #LGA is on point with their music this Monday morning, with Jesus Jones's "Right Here Right Now" and others... Bringing back 1990 hard!
It is your Birthday Week! Have a great one!
Narrator: It's a good movie
No, but they do have meds for that... 🤩 I will check it out as soon as I can!
Streamers of the world.... UNITE
I am pleased to announce that effective today I start as Director of Community at I'll be building up a developer community &amp; helping expand #devrel around #PubSub through workflow, product, outreach, events &amp; more! I'm ready to get started!
RT Have you submitted your talk? 💚 Last year we had our biggest #FullStackCon London so far, but we intend to break that record…
RT Super excited to be leading my companys first conference - in your opinion, what are some make or breaks of a conference?
wrote a good article on this that is a good resource for conference organizers
I have a few things, but to start: [Break] If food is offered for the conference, having that food served in the main exhibit area
I think that's a sign of either bad parenting or a psychopath
Ultimate troll strategy for in 2020 - #ignoretrump
It's still a thing?
Brilliant! Ship it!
RT Congrats to ⁦ a fierce woman, great American, and inspiration to young girls everywhere. Loved watching y…
Yeah so it's not really the amount of memory... It's just how they aggressively don't use the Android bits correctly (and most Chinese OEMs don't either because their internal apps suck at memory management so they hardwire them to kill apps preemptively). He may not notice.
I made good money modeling for those dad bods...
Only issue I have is OnePlus doesn't know how to accurately use Doze and the whitelist, so memory management sucks as it kills apps and causes screen redrawing which restarts some fragments and activities
You're missing a cage for this monster
It is a solid phone
RT When I saw that 30% of Americans don't believe in the holocaust, I finally began to realize why 30-40% of Americans suppo…
Heck, I know coffee and even I get confused by Philz...
All coffee shops should sell tea. I love tea, but coffee is the nectar of the gods
Ops communities are tea communities. Fight me. /me ducks and runs for cover, shutting off Twitter in the process
Didn't want you getting any ideas with mentioning Charbucks... But you are correct, you make better choices than that.
As long as it's not #charbucks you have my stamp of approval
RT When I was young I would argue to the death. I’d never change my opinion even when confronted with facts. I stopped tha…
Taking developer thriving seriously, means having agency (feel ownership), learning culture, motivation and self-efficacy, and support &amp; belonging. Course-correcting is complex, but seeing the critical relationship between the quadrants - at #Monktoberfest
Instead of brittle, choose Resilient Productivity, which means that productivity builds for the _long-term_, and when something goes wrong, it _delivers!_ So let’s work on Developer Thriving, and measure it - at #Monktoberfest
Brittle productivity that emphasizes the aforementioned attributes (hard, never stopping, lonely) will look productive until something goes wrong, and when that happens, it _breaks_ - at #Monktoberfest
When social scientists see misalignment, they tend to lean in… and so identified: 1. Productivity is _hard_ 2. Productivity is _never_ stopping 3. Productivity is _lonely_. 🥸😠 - at #Monktoberfest
How we define success for software teams is approaching the mindset with better data. One such research is at Some insights: * Managers all tend to agree (88%) that tech effort is truly seen, while devs said 24% 🥸 - at #Monktoberfest
And was then met with the challenge of getting over the barrier her upbringing had created, but she took the chance and used her real name. And began to receive the reward of scholarships and understanding success for her - at #Monktoberfest
A wrinkle emerged though, because even though she was a good researcher - she was not a good test taker. And even though she literally threw up taking the tests, she kept going. - at #Monktoberfest
Her tenacity at badgering the college was met with variations of “no data, you’re not real”, and then finally the “you could take a bunch of tests….”. So she did that, by going to the library, studying, and then taking 58 standardized tests. - at #Monktoberfest
She recalls the beginning of her college journey and not being standardized - because she grew up with her family in the woods, didn’t go to school, was self-taught, and thought they would just accept her admission…. - at #Monktoberfest
She starts by telling a story of her father helping them learn to be great by having them navigate back to the campfire in the woods at night. - at #Monktoberfest
Following a great talk on Dev Success at Day 2 #Monktoberfest, is from with giving the crowd an option to choose the talk: “Where going wrong with dev productivity” and “What I learned about productivity from growing up without school” (WINNER)
Really looks good!
And then it's a party 🎉
A lot of data points around this talk &amp; what software engineers do and how they get evaluated which illustrates the attempts to mind read leading to misalignment. Defining success &amp; measuring it together is better than mind reading - Carol and Morgan at #Monktoberfest
Fun fact: being a psychologist, means 30% of people think you’re a “mind reader”.. which is not true, but they also think about it a lot - Carol and Morgan at #Monktoberfest
Next up on Day 2 of #Monktoberfest is Carol Lee and Morgan Ramsey from Flow/Dev Success Lab on “Using evidence science instead of mind reading to measure developer success”
It’s not their responsibility to educate you on their heritage, and they are NOT the spokesperson for their race, heritage, culture. Good resource on the Lumbee tribe - “The Lumbee Indians” by Malinda Maynor Lowery - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
Motivating belonging involves helping people find mentors, passion projects, team bldg activities, and ice breakers with purpose. Listen - take notes on how people get involved. Don’t assume you know the person or their background. Ask. - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
Growing the sense of belonging happens when more opportunities to belong are around like ERG’s, opps for professional development, hobbies, social media, etc. Also find those who need to be brought into your circles through the above - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
A sense of belonging is that deep, subjective connection with social groups, places, and our individual and collective experiences -Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
At next year's #DevRelCon....
The silence is deafening and the hypocrisy revealing
Glory, glory #ManUtd
Hey I found your favourite birds
Vurt der furk?
Weak sauce... They cheatin.
Taking the boys to #HarlemGlobeTrotters tonight at #sprintcenter
You are correct, no media bias. How very wise of you, because you know that HBO also did a McCain documentary, while Netflix did a Romney one. I can only assume you're trying to rile up a base who aren't intelligent enough/willing to actually do research.
RT I offer you a glass of water, you accept. I offer you a glass of toxic water, you decline. Does this mean water is bad? Does…
Then I shall try to make it
Does this include adult beverages?
Words to #devrel by
. when will you allow scheduling pickups in Kansas City? Uber has allowed it for a long time and you allow it in other cities... I would rather use you than Uber
What Mary said... I agree with David.
Some great advice on dealing with gossip in your life and community
Yeah... Some unfounded, debunked idea that vaccines cause a third nipple I'm sure.
Vaccines make adults. This is utterly stupid and putting the entire population at risk. If it was just their stupidity affecting just them and their kids then go after it. But causing a public health crisis because you're ignorant? Idiot.
Shhhhh! We don't want that to get out!
Awesome!! For a bit of levity, have you seen the literal video version of the song? I dare say it's life-changing.
Climate Change is real, not some hokey science.
And with that being said... Feel free to unfollow me at any time. I won't hold it against you. Promise.
I have come to be totally cool with unfollowing people / being unfollowed. Heck I don't even check to see who is / isn't following me or if someone still is. People need to grow up and if I unfollow them, just be cool with it. Heck, reach out to me if you have a question why.
Making the world a better place through crypto and piss
RT I’m celebrating the 1 year anniversary of #DevRelWeekly today! No cake, but lots of data. Pull up a chair, grab your favori…
Set your calendars to watch the #Think2019 livestream next week
RT If you are at #DevFestKC and want to learn how to build chatbots, swing by the yellow room after lunch for my workshop!
Agreed... I shared the wrong article... 🙄
Open Source Initiative reaffirms the open source definition - Business Insider
The best machine on the market, with the Slayer a close second. And the warmth from the machine on cold days... 🔥😀😎
Wow! This is pretty awesome and almost a guarantee to make livestreaming demos on Twitch the defacto thing
Good words to start the day by!
Thank you! Sometimes I miss those barista days.
RT Often said United under Mourinho struggled to define a signature style of goalscoring. How quickly they seem to under Solsk…
That's a well-rounded breakfast right there
It's quite an interesting process
Q39 is awesome... Good choice
RT More three-word horror stories: Jumped the queue You’ll be fine Just a trim How are you? A quick word Out of milk Migh…
RT The Acting AG: not a rocket scientist
RT I sometimes think that Jesus wouldn't recognize Evangelical Christianity in America. Then I realize he would recognize…
In his talk at #DevRelCon London, talks about #opensource and the #devrel origin myth
Meet Max Katz #devrel
Oh that's right... It's this weekend.
What brings you to town?
Love me some "Bubble Honey"
I kept wanting it to either kick out it's back legs at that dude or turn around and smack him upside the head
Moose... Dang it...
Mouse are awesome... And frightening
Be part of a good #community survey from
"Far too many communities are killed by stakeholders who do not understand exactly how the community benefits them" - via
RT There can be no question, no question whatsoever, that the President of the United States has engaged in a multistate cri…
They do provide complimentary "hotel grade" bath robes and towels, so there is that... Nice to know they've thought of everything
Followed by "it puts the lotion on"
Yeah those forks are creepy... the hotel room I had in Shenzhen was similar to that accept it had blinds you could cover the shower with, if desired
I think it is safe to say that #devrel has hit puberty and is acting like a teenager.
RT “It’s not all about the manual!” at where she talks about supporting different learning s…
That young sparrow was delicious! Also, it has been my pleasure to work with you as well as the rest of the team. Even as life sends us all different ways, we'll always have Vancouver!
And you as well! Keep up the good work!
The disrespect and hubris is strong with this one....
Already being Air B&amp;B'd for private parties... Umm.... Makes the neighborhood kinda wonder about the previous owners... I mean - do you ever really know your neighbors? And do you want to after this?
I'll be taking on a new challenge in building out the developer community for a company in the data and messaging space - more info to come soon! 😀🤪
I'll be taking on a new challenge in building out the developer community for a company in the data and messaging space - more info to come soon! 😀🤪
Today is my last day at a day of mixed emotions: thankful for the friends I've made and what we've accomplished, sad to say goodbye to my team and my overall Auth0 family, but excited for what the future holds. Stay on point and I'll be cheering you on from the sidelines.
Facilitation is a great role in #devrel #devex
Yep.... It's times like these I wish I didn't live in the Midwest and lived somewhere with solid, consistent weather. But then I'm reminded why I live in the Midwest. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We had "thunder sleet" the other day
#RIPJohnDingell
His last tweet before he died. #RIPJohnDingell
#RIPJohnDingell
#RIPJohnDingell
And as always you spectacularly reaffirm humanity
So glad you're feeling better-ish. And still craving brains isn't that terrible... It seems to work out well for Liv on iZombie (which if you haven't seen it, I question a lot of things about our friendship). Take care of yourself!
Let your voice be heard in the Developer Survey
Thank you both! You've made my Friday!
RT Want to understand the business value of #devrel? Then join for a webinar on February 19th, with a chance to wi…
Make sure they're USB-C
RT As the night goes on, the tweets get more and more wrong. Socialism and capitalism are not part of a system of checks and…
RT Are you leading a Postman training session at work or demoing Postman at an event? We'll send you some swag to hand out!…
Very good analysis of the CBS interview with Burr on the Senate's #TrumpRussia investigation
Some solid advice Emily. I have grown to be comfortable with conflict, but I really like this "support in" and "complain out" strategy. It's important to have someone (or multiples) to vent to, and I am thankful for those I have.
This is the bit I didn't know I wanted.
I wouldn't know...
Look at you sitting all front and center!
That is the best X-Men movie ever
Thanks Betsy!
Thirded. Wait, what?
Great tip for speakers
I do as well... But they don't help my hunger
RT Beto O'Rourke said in interview with Wash Post that Trump is distorting the truth and facts about El Paso "…
Carrots are good for dogs - ours love them and are great to tide them over when they're hungry but they literally just ate 20min earlier. I will also state they do not work to tide me over. That's a whole other issue.
This seems legit... I have no argument at all.
I look forward to it every week, so thank you!
If Software Is Funded from a Public Source, Its Code Should Be Open Source | Linux Journal via
Agreed. Second place goes to Clint Eastwood's "Firefox" Firefox
Sign up for a great webinar with around her book, "The Business Value of Developer Relations"
Hey Tyler - I'm at Auth0 and can probably help you!
Completely agree here
Transiting through the interwebs is time consuming and thus the pricing is on a per second basis.
Issue 51 is out of #DevRelWeekly
RT
Something to aspire to - seems like we should really find this course and enroll post haste. Not a moment to lose.
Ahh, the joys of living in the Midwest. We've always had it like this, but Climate Change has made it more extreme.
I was a good boy and walked away, but I keep thinking about them.
It was thundering at 2320 in Shawnee
RT Auth0 Engineering 🌟 Unwanted public S3 buckets are a continuous threat. Security Engineer 👨🏻‍🔧 shows us how to dete…
It is -4C and we are having "thunder sleet". Yes, that is a thing.
When in doubt, always get the larger meat plate.
Some great accomplishments by #CMGR in 2018! Here's to a great 2019!
This is the slang of my generation 🙄🙃I actually do recall using a few of these
You sure you're up for it?
You mean... Lies were told again?
Look at you all dressed up!
True Story
#Fakenews - you can't stop destiny
RT Oh no, I almost missed Safer Internet Day. Here's some safety advice: 1. Use a password manager 2. Use a password manager 3.…
Who wants to see pitchers hit?
Great initiative!
RT Trump just said "We will never be a Socialist country" in a taxpayer-funded building to a taxpayer funded Congress the…
Narrator: It's as bad as it seems
RT So we're all clear - this is our Presidents version of the "rejecting of the politics of revenge".
#opensource all teh things
Maximum Effort.
I gave a talk at #DevConfCZ a few weeks ago about #DevRel and how it relates to #coffee &amp; my experiences as a barista &amp; coffee shop owner. Here are the slides for reference &amp; if you're a conference/meetup organiser interested in the topic my DMs are open!
. And Darren Talk About Social Media, Online Communities And Crisis Management’ on #SoundCloud #np
Some great examples of Community Landing Pages from
Narrator: *snort*
For me it kinda depends on how I first come in contact with it. If I get linked to the repo I am going to be (at least) skimming the readme first. But if I am linked to the static site then I'll start there. It's important to link to the site from the readme, and vice versa.
I have not seen this many phantom calls in a KU game at KSU since, I don't know, last year?
I believe the Pixel 3
I will not be watching the #sotu and subject myself to #Cheeto and his lies.
RT The next President should know the difference between Medicare and Medicaid, between climate and weather, and between righ…
Thanks to I have an official avatar...
I resisted the urge because I am trying to be good... But with this encouragement I feel like going back.
This is why I love flying out of KC... 30 steps from drop-off to the gate. I've literally gone through security and walked right into the Alaska Airlines jetway and boarded the plane.
I think knows me too well....
Remembering this in your developer communities is paramount.
This gonna be good #SOTU
This is a great step for Android developers!
RT Early registration for DevNet Create 2019, April 24-25 at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, CA, is open now un…
RT Prepare for tonight's State of the Union address by digging into our #SOTU report #sotu2019 #usa
I never had an issue... If there was an update I found it, it downloaded, and applied.
Call its bluff
RT Hey community builders, sign up for this online event! Anything tony does is going to be *really* thoughtful and good.…
I imagine the Count is that person.
RT Call for papers for one of the best open source conferences you’ll find out there.
Online support communities, while challenging to get rolling, have a huge potential for a brand
RT Now that and have joined forces, we’re starting the year with renewed #opensource focus and energy, st…
A good way to get started with git terminology
Definitely have him check out our R&amp;D Content Engineer position at
Good advice here - but goes against my inane desire to sit in the back
Vaccines make adults
Thread: good analysis of why Cabinet members should be confirmed, not left as "acting"
Where do I find one of these fantastic mugs ?
Gotta love the ability to make fun of yourself
This Congressman is going to need some Preparation-H
RT "ethical, easy-to-use and privacy-conscious alternatives" to the websites, apps, and the internet itself 👉
How about xXx: State of the Union
Great thread on what it means to be where your developers are
Send it to me and I will tell you
Also &gt; "Influencers"
RT Community contributions &gt; Follower count #devrel
TIL the #Raconteurs have new music out. This week just got better!
Oh boy!
RT This simple edit immediately makes this commercial the best of 2019
I hate it... I prefer to get on as quickly and as early as possible. With having long (and older) legs I need that foot room underneath the seat in front of me and so getting on the plane is a priority so that I can put my bags up above
I had that exact same experience last year and ended up being the very last person on the plane
After Pulse: Big Company, Little Company #devrel #community
Developer relations in sub-Saharan Africa #devrel
All Hail
RT Shout out to and for definitions that helped evolve cfg mgmt. Book download (for free):
And just think.... were in town last night doing a huge live stream concert and would have rocked the Super Bowl
Seems legit. Cheezits rock.
Celebrating another year of tremendous growth! #identitymanagement
RT These teams are playing like they know whoever wins goes to the White House
Like not even the commercials were good
Worst #SuperBowl I have ever seen
RT Worst super bowl.
RT Sean McVay Begs Mother To Let Him Stay Up To Coach Rest Of Super Bowl
Always
RT Both teams are playing like they don’t want to be invited to the White House. #SuperBowl
Now it definitely is a wardrobe malfunction
Does Levine throwing his jacket into the crowd count as a wardrobe malfunction?
*snort"
The NFLs attempt to rig the game is backfiring on them.
She expresses the questions she’d get when people found out about her heritage, incl “do you have running water?!” When she entered college, her identify was constantly questioned, including being called to dance in front of the class 🤬😡 - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
The forced relocation of tribes across the whole nation is rarely spoken of in terms of what was actually happening - “The Trail of Tears” and more. - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
1862 to 1888 more than 150k Indigenous minors were taken from their families and sent to state “boarding schools”, with tens of thousands dying. 87% of all refs to American Indians portray them in a pre-1900s context - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
The philosophy of “Kill the Indian, save the Man” was about assimilation of the tribes into American society. Pratt would prohibit display of tribal traditions, cultures, etc. He also started the Resident schools in Oklahoma - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
When Christina introduces herself, she does so mentioning all of who she is and where she comes from through her family. Her whole self. - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
When the Supreme Court in 1832 decided that the tribes would be dependent domestic entities, meaning the Fed Gvmt would dictate all their activities. When they would be recognized, they could only negotiate terms with the US and no one else - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
When the colonizers came over, they would recognize the tribes as fully independent sovereign powers. But as they pushed west, the Govt tried to limit their powers because they wanted GOLD. - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
With the Lumbee tribe in North Carolina, they;re the biggest tribe East of the MS river, and 9th largest in the US, and received Fed recognition in the 1950s, meaning they have the right to self-governing. - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
When you join a job or meet someone new, and so you find common ground often with the “do you know X from that company?” And with the importance of company culture, on the granular level, a sense of belonging drives healthy relationships - Christina Pacheco at #Monktoberfest
Next up on #Monktoberfest Day Two is “You may be my cousin - create a sense of belonging through indigenous culture” from Christina Pacheco
There’s no moral to this, but saying all of this that none of this will ever really change. It’s a process that continually repeats itself. This is in the nature of the players involved &amp; feels worse more recently because there is so much $ looking for $ - at #Monktoberfest
Many devs will open source something they’re building because they think that is what they should do to build a business, and many, especially investors, don’t discourage this and throw money at it - at #Monktoberfest
When the product and project becomes successful, competitors often come in and fork and create their own thing, and start making YOUR money. So you fight back and change terms, license, etc and damage trust. - at #Monktoberfest
You don’t know how to hire, fire, or really do anything business-related… So you have someone else do this from VC money, and then you hire more, build more, make more, take in more VC money, perpetuating the rapidly repeating process - at #Monktoberfest
We see this happen where someone creates something &amp; wants it to be used and grow and have a community… But they don’t know how to do the business side so they bring in VC and #opensource starts growing &amp; then the VCs want to know how you’ll make money - at #Monktoberfest
Money in OSS Problem #9: Everyone wants venture capital… Which seems the only way to grow, even though that’s not scaling or real cash flow. It won’t turn $1 into $100 - at #Monktoberfest
Money in OSS Problem #6: People want to freeload [Missed problem #7 - which might be the problem] Money in OSS problem #8: Foundations want money - funding isn’t free - at #Monktoberfest
Money in OSS Problem #4: #opensource software wants to be free &amp; really isn’t a business model, &amp; devs generally don’t want to ship something that doesn’t work, &amp; so Money in OSS Problem #5: Users want to trust the software does what it says it does - at #Monktoberfest
Money in OSS Problem #2: Devs want to create Devs don’t want to do the business side (marketing, sales, etc.)… but… Problem #3: Labor wants to be paid because they have bills to pay - at #Monktoberfest
Money in OSS Problem 1.1: VCs want multiples Investments need to generate a metric fuckton of money, returning it in multiples. Ideally 10:1 return, but usually 2 or 3:1. What’s needed for that is for the founders to want to become huge - at #Monktoberfest
At least I didn't shave my head... I do have that going for me
Yeah there goes half of my life choices.
So who's winning?
Yes, it's one of the tags for the commercial breaks. "Sugar, We're Going Down"
Oh of course. Pay them.
Narrator: It's not. Spray-on tan isn't a "gene".
Check local community colleges for students who need the practice.
I used to do that as a kid (I wore glasses from 5 until 20 when I finally got contacts) and have been known to do it since whenever I wear my glasses.
If you're a company with an API, uses APIs, secures APIs, or you make tacos, this is a conference you need to sponsor.
Didn't you get the memo? It's TACOS! Not pancakes!
Not to be confused with the transdimensional, rainbow-farting unicorn
That's why I use cases and then put stickers on them so that when that's full I can do a new case/canvas and put the old case on the wall
RT . The youngest NFL MVP since Think diehard fan Paul Rudd was excited? 😂 #NFLHonors
Yeah that was my thought though it could be limiting in the people who submit to talk and needing to be more restrictive
Last match ended nicely 😋😎
Maybe we can watch a match or two together some time, preferably over a few beers
I know what I see as well. I am a United man through and through and have watched almost every match for years and as many England matches I can, and I disagree with you on the quality of them both.
Jose since the collapse at Chelsea has second-guessed himself at every turn. Never made use of the attacking players he had, always content to play for the draw and not the win. He also blamed everything on his players and never accepted responsibility for anything.
Game time under Mourinho is not equal to being given freedom to create and press forward. I don't know what you've been watching, but I've watched Rashford and Lingard since they came up and have seen their progression and impact.
How you figure? Scored a number of goals in the World Cup, is a consistent pressure on the ball.. Was valuable in the World Cup run last summer.
Never underestimate the power of Mourinho to waste good talent through misuse, shattered confidence, and "tactics"
Congrats mate! You're going to rock it!
He's also been saddled for the last few years out of position and with Mourinho. 5 in his last 6 games is solid since Mourinho was sacked.
Yeah you could have done better with the background
RT American politics is experiencing two spacetime continua: (1) When DEMOCRATS misbehave, we enter a STANDARD political sp…
What's all the fuss about React Hooks? Here's an overview of the new kid on the React block! #reactjs
Narrator: He hadn't seen the movie.
Groundhog took one look at 2019 and was like, "Nope!"
Isn't it the present participle of "gnarly"?
RT How are you not sure if you’ve ever worn a Ku Klux Klan robe or black face?
#MannyDoge lulled to sleep with a chest rub
RT 2018 Offensive Player of the Year. 👏 Congratulations, #NFLHonors 📺 8pm CT on CBS [📷: Logan Bowles/NFL] htt…
RT M-V-P! QB is the 2018 Most Valuable Player! #NFLHonors (by
At we use this Slack bot called Donut to match up 2 other people to have coffee together on a Zoom call
Some great #devrel tips compiled by
"What gate key?"
Or "Pay no attention to this glass that's all but empty"
A simple cup of coffee.
And if they're not good, you have the added benefit of a case of the runs
You spelled "hamberder" wrong. But I accept your acceptance. 🌮 🌮 🌮
So I think you could reasonably theme a one-track conference and have some solid talks. There are conferences out there discussing documenting APIs, others securing them, etc... What if you went the "full-service API" route and get submissions around the API lifecycle?
"DevRel APIs are like Tacos"
Is there a progression from previous iterations you could build on?
I support this. "Taco the API"
RT Considering who our president is and what he's done and how publicly he's done it and for how long he's done it, it's rea…
Great to see backing up his promises. What's disappointing is the richest man in the world, Bezos, donates less than 2%. Makes sense now why they don't like the prospect of paying more in taxes.
It should not matter which you are in a pic of two people in KKK garb and blackface. Both are reprehensible. The fact that he either can't recall, or thinks one is worse than the other, speaks volumes.
I have given a "Passwords. Burn them with fire." talk a few times... One of my favourites to give!
RT ‘You don’t need to contribute to be part of a community. But if you can, then do it in a way that suits you best.’
RT ”Documentation makes projects work”, says #FOSDEM2019
The last #PinewoodDerby for us has begun
Narrator: This is also true.
Yeah that sh!t pisses me off
#impostersyndrome not allowed
Vurt-der-furk??!?
This is not ok. This is the act of monsters.
Go for the uncomfortable story. See how far you can go until they get really uncomfortable and stop asking.
Fantastic thread on the INF Treaty, why it exists, and why it should remain. Also why we need true leadership.
Business class be like
Good thing to inform the attendant of.. they might get the wrong idea and cut you off early.
RT 49 years ago our federal government sent a human being to the moon and brought him back. The Administration &amp;…
Nothing like #adulting - maybe this time ask the attendant to also leave the champagne out of the OJ
RT We are celebrating 6️⃣ years of making the internet safer, helping developers get the most out of our platform, and earning the…
My president is This gonna get good! Hostess cakes for all teh meals.
RT I've no problem with people calling for Northam to resign. I'm 100% fine with it. But if you're doing so and *haven't* pu…
RT I hope we can all agree that racism should have no place among our leaders and that no party or office should be immune t…
I voted yes. 10 years ago? No. Since then? Yes.
are better by far.
A fantastic thread for managers
This ruling by the goes against their ruling in the Cam Newton case... "Kansas' De Sousa ineligible through 2019-20" via
When it ceases to be a fart
RT . is fed up with leaders who promote hatred and intolerance. #LSSC
Very jealous! Have a waffle and beer for me!
A. As many as are in the room.
... but I have also seen it turn out terribly because that company's culture was not one where they thought about the remote worker, thus making the remote worker have to take the initiative.
Personally I feel this has more to do with the remote environment and temperament of the company. I have seen it work splendidly and the culture was to hop on Zoom calls and hash things out and not exclude the remote workers, and instead to think of the first with decisions....
One of the communities I helped run years ago, had a pretty extensive CoC and questions you had to accept before you could sign-up and it didn't do anything to help keep that community from often becoming toxic. If the system can be gamed, it'll be gamed.
Congrats Steve! Exciting news!
In addition, one of the reasons Starbucks uber-dark roasts much of what they sell is that it lasts longer on the grocery store shelves. It's a monetary decision.
Not actually true and is a common myth - caffeine is very stable during the roasting process. Little to no difference between roasts, with the actual difference in caffeine being in how you measure your coffee. For more info:
Some people just want to see the world burn. I for one think Tyler would be a fantastic President and if you don't think so, well...
To some "delusions" are normal, and to others they are ridiculed. Don't rob me. Also, travel safe friends!
Hmm, I thought for sure we did take a picture.. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Thanks for getting up sooo early to have breakfast here in chilly KC! It was great seeing , and you! Next time we'll take a better photo and it will be brunch.
He who makes the rules, eats the Twinkies
Smashed together they equal one. Their argument is invalid.
I've had good success with scanning receipts either by phone or email...
Hah it's set for 50s this weekend
RT So... we have just over 12 hours remaining in the CFP for #kcdc2019. It closes *tonight* at 11:59pm (US Central time). This is…
I was hoping to make it for the first time this year.. but it was not to be
RT Oof. All those people defending Medium as a platform that they're happy publishing on may want to rethink
Maybe they know something you don't know
I used to work for a digital marketing firm which worked directly with the pharmaceutical industry, and the copy we had to put on websites and in apps for the drugs... Geez...
Notify your physician if after exposure you experience any of the following symptoms: rapid or irregular heartbeat, chest pain, shortness of breath, headache, nervousness, irritability, sleeplessness, tremors, weight gain or loss, vomiting, diarrhea, excessive sweating, or etc.
Congrats!
Either he doesn't read or has low comprehension because it's not free college, it's access to financial aid ( Purposely misleading his base. Also undocumented immigrants pay billions in state, local, and federal taxes yearly...
Then that sounds good. I'm a bit worried for though... Did you leave him anything?
Oh just bundle up some more... You'll be fine.
RT #Experience is giving rise to new levels of simplicity and security everywhere. And, in an increasingly-complex world,…
Seems legit... Have you seen the cold front moving into the country?
The Red Church, Brno, Czech Republic
Here's Cathedral of St. Peter in Brno, Czech Republic last weekend
So jealous. Everywhere I travel I am constantly looking for old churches to take pictures of. They bring a bit of nostalgia to my heart.
RT Gophers! Don't forget to submit proposals for GopherCon. The CFP closes in 2 days!!!
The best I can get out of witnesses... A beagle and a shiba Inu got into a fight about a bone and decided to rip up a sheep instead. Won't know until the CSI tests come back but it's brutal. Just brutal.
I expect you to rock those the next time we are together!
RT Come be my coworker! CNET is hiring a video producer for our YouTube presence. This is an amazing opportunity to work with o…
So right. This has been my experience more times than not.
Anyone know a good animal CSI?
That seems odd, please shoot us a DM so we can investigate further! -JM
Yeah my concern would be around some of that since I don't have a Google Pixel so the transfer between Sprint and T-Mobile might not happen?
This thread...
Seems consistent... He wouldn't stand up to Trump while in office, why would he as a candidate?
Color me shocked...
This thread with real, scientific data should be read by everyone concerned with the discussion around the need, or lack thereof, for a wall, and what should be done
Nothing beats the shower at home. Fight me.
RT To celebrate #DataPrivacyDay, we are releasing Practical Privacy 📜—a guide with simple steps to protect your sensitive data and…
/me goes looking for the FaceTime app to disable.. remembers I am on Android.
Fantastic blog article by
RT You could check out the multiple glowing 5-star reviews of "The Business Value of Developer Relations", or you co…
Looks to be a great role at
I have the OnePlus 6T and I would be able to use Fi, but I wouldn't get: "Even more security and network reliability - Switch among networks for an even more reliable connection, secure your data with a Fi VPN, and more" Does it just put you on T-Mobile then here in the US?
Might have to take a look again ..
Coffee has water...
I would go with this
&lt;insert obligatory "F" joke here /&gt;
In the world of internet access while flying... There's great ( and there's bad, and then there's atrocious ( which for €30 for 200MB is torture and a rip-off. #FirstWorldProblems I know...
In many communities, focusing on engagement is a trap and one that has a hole you may struggle to get out of... good thoughts here from
Depending on the community this content can be blog posts, tutorials, FAQs, etc.
Fair point. The open source nature of the software is a selling point, but I shouldn't have included as a "privacy" app
Add to this list: Browser - Messaging - /
Also, tacos in the Prague airport will suffice in a pinch
I knew it all along.
I remember this as if it was yesterday. A sad day 😢
I sleep 4-6 hrs when traveling. It's now 1111a in Prague and I'm awaiting a day of travel. There's always time to sleep. Also, need bread and butter.
Always more.
#NeverForget #HolocaustRemembranceDay
Narrator: They hadn't.
No fight, just agreement.
Depends on your location when you need to "walk it off"...
#sushiislife
At we love creating tools that help developers! Meet the latest one: a fully interactive demo of the #WebAuthn spec 💥
Happy Birthday to a day late (timezones are hard)! Hope it was everything you wanted it to be!
RT On Wednesday, a 21 y/o white man made 5 women lay down on the floor of a bank and shot them execution style. Today, a 21 y/o w…
RT 74 years ago today, Auschwitz was liberated. We must remember. And we must teach our children about the Holocaust to make…
What could go wrong?
Storyville is fantastic and what you're describing is referred to in Barista-lore as a "God Shot", an elusive coffee-unicorn only a few have ever achieved much less tasted.
I get that with with unlimited data and texts, but the data speeds are just 2G. Do you have speed and data caps while international with Fi?
I read that and I immediately wonder about animated gifs, keynote vs PowerPoint, and bullet points.
Keep on rocking it!
RT Dear Bernie &amp; HRC fans still deeply in hate Many antagonistic trolls are bots, or ppl paid to make progressives &amp; Dems…
Our newly adopted Shiba Inu has fit right into our family without missing a beat
When i flew business class to Shenzhen a few years ago, I had pajamas.
RT This billionaire said 70% tax rate idea has never worked — watch this professor prove him wrong
Business class is the best. The pajamas alone are fantastic, much less the crazy choices for food and drink.
Tbh I thought Birdbox was good
RT One of the neat things about GitLab is that they have an optional alumni channel in their Slack: I thi…
What could go wrong?
Money in OSS Problem #1: Money wants money! In the VC world, there are a lot of jokers who do this serious job, and a lot of that money comes from dubious sources who are looking for alternative investment. - at #Monktoberfest
First talk of #Monktoberfest Day 2 is , talking about #opensource, and the problems with money in OSS… One person in the audience’s description of Venture Capital is: “venture capital is spending other people’s money to buy lottery tickets”
RT Congressional Republican math is complaining about student debt relief while having $987,237 of your own PPP loans forgiven.
No,
RT You owe it to yourself to see this talk yourself when #monktoberfest posts it.
We even stand the same
I made a new friend at #monktoberfest
RT that talk by just now was as good as a Beyoncé performance. it was that good.
RT This talk is already #monktoberfest canon and we are like three or four minutes in. How the fuck can be so poe…
“We are enough, and together we can make the future.” -Emily Fucking Freedom This is the best talk I have heard all year, and true to Monktoberfest form, brought me to tears. You _WANT_ to watch the video when it’s released. Thank you Emily. -via at #monktoberfest
History largely credits the elite few, while it’s actually built through the actions of the many. History belongs to all of us - requiring that we choose US - our families, communities, lives. Expand the circle to include ALL from ALL. -via at #monktoberfest
“Ruin is the destination toward which all men rush…” We defer responsibility to our children in the hopes that they will know better. We equivocate our inaction by “someone else will do the right thing.” -via at #monktoberfest
This Protestant ethic had this key element of diligence around work, and requiring devotion to work above all. The changes over time leading up to the Industrial Age brought about the few being supported by the labor of many -via at #monktoberfest
Capitalism and the American work ethic spirit overrides all categories. Luther’s idea of serving God through work and Calvin weaponizing that the things you did confirmed your place in the Chosen Few -via at #monktoberfest
Our current pattern doesn’t allow for showing up for family instead of work - instead we judge ourselves and procrastinate on holistic practices which prioritize rest and view it as valuable. -via at #monktoberfest
We defer a lot of our responsibility to our children &amp; their fragile selves, thinking they’ll be able to take it. We have to step up and show up and build a culture that it’s ok to be broken, make mistakes, and repudiate this work/life farce. -via at #monktoberfest
The forceful separation of the different parts of our life causes so many problems, and our standards have stooped to allow / accept this. We need to fight back and say, “Enough.” We need to do this for those who count on us. -via at #monktoberfest
We’re forced to divide ourselves into tiny, little boxes, forcing us to have more boxes than an Amazon warehouse. We have to open the parenting box immediately after the work box, not giving ourselves any space. -via at #monktoberfest
RT Our lovely Developer Network team is looking for a new Developer Educator in Berlin or London 🎉 if you care about great docum…
You know it's true
I may have just referred to as and my parole officer
What is this?
Consistent with how he thinks multiple bankruptcies were deals...
RT Like #LightningTalks but have nothing to say? I've got you covered! Come and give a presentation using self-advancing, rand…
RT Kudos to air traffic controllers at LaGuardia who essentially closed the airport by refusing to show up for work this morning.…
RT Myth: “If You Can’t Measure It, You Can’t Manage It” Please stop repeating this phrase, it’s bull. Quantification can easil…
I'll take it a step further... If you want to be miserable, get cats.
See? You look young!
It was over in the Student Lounge
RT Our Developer Advocate, talking about continuous testing with Postman at our Bangalore meetup.
Oversight and accountability are what Congress is responsible for, but slacked on that a bit the last few years.
Not a day over 21... Twice.
RT In a half hour, join for the meetup at #DevConfCZ
Coffee-lovers Meetup here at #devconfcz
RT Want to know exactly how CNN got footage of Stone being arrested? Piecing together clues based on meticulous reporting from the…
RT Let's celebrate the launch of 🎆 🎆 Here's an overview of the new standard for secure #authenticati…
Absolutely. No argument.
Happy birthday!
Everything is better with Hostess cakes. Even debugging.
Oh it's off the chain for sure!
Issue 50 of #DevRelWeekly is out from - and in case you are looking for assistance in #devrel or #community strategy I highly recommend her consulting services!
Don't forget the auto-starting videos
I want just ONE journalist to call him out on this BS. Or start laughing. Or tell him that not one grocery store in America does this. Or ask him what reality he lives in. Or ask about the last time he went to the grocery store. Or ask if he heard this from a bankruptcy hearing.
RT New this year: Badge flair contest! Decorate your badges, tweet a picture, and win a prize! Check out the FAQ page for more…
Doctor Evil with the best hugs
Only Diet Dr. Pepper or Coke Zero
These guys literally have no clue how the world works. It also makes sense why he's a terrible deal maker, couldn't get loans in the US (hence Russia), and has declared bankruptcy more times than I've bought a house.
Couldn't have dialed it in any better
Looking ahead to DevRelCon Tokyo 2019! #devrel
No it's just fantasy
This here is a common problem with some technical communities, especially those which have a high-knowledge entry point. it is hard to reward people to answer when there is a limited number of people on the internet that actually could answer.
And of course I guess I need more coffee as it's how devrel IS like coffee...
Prep work for my talk on how #devrel 8s like coffee tomorrow at #DevConfCZ
Who would have thought that Weezer would become a cover band for songs from my childhood, and a fantastic one at that?
Hey! I work at Auth0 - what can I answer for you? My DMs are open as well.
Open source and the dev rel origin myth #devrel
RT One of the biggest barriers to getting into speaking can be if your company is unsupportive of you going to conferences to gi…
I didn't even know there _was_ a #cmad, so there's that
The fact that the answer is "school spirit" should be cause enough to make one question what's really going on at this school.
One of the best beer floats I've ever had was with Not Your Father's Root Beer. Life changing. Seriously.
RT Me: *going through TSA taking my laptop/iPad/etc out of my bag* TSA agent: *sees stickers on laptop* "ok put everything…
Just try a pair of glasses. Works for Superman.
Becoming more and more open to using over than ever before...
Around 8 with BASIC on the Atari 800XL
Big Company, Little Company (Ep 32) #devrel #community
I so miss those HTML tags...
If you're ever wondering what I do, this great piece by (and featuring many of my friends) on #DevRel should help you understand.
And it should be just that.
Put a reply in your DMs
Can't count how many times I have done this...
TIL that I get really annoyed at people when they exit a doorway and do not pay attention to cross traffic
Or just take the day off citing trauma and stress.
That sound so much more exciting than here in KC
It's amazing what a little kindness does. It may not be in that situation, but it will pay off somewhere, somehow.
I showed up for my first time last year... Waited 30 mins, and then the judge sent me home because they entered a plea deal.
RT a couple of things: a) the wall is not under construction, so that's a lie. b) if it *is* under constructions, why the shut…
Design your content strategy with data #devrel
Hey that's me! I'll be talking coffee and #DevRel at #DevConfCZ . Come find me for some swag!
Yes! YESSSS! CONGRATS!
This whole thread is fantastic!
Those are amazing! #stickerjealous
I don't think it will be that long...
Yeah I seem to think I've seen that movie...
RT Trump’s new offer to open the federal government in exchange for funding for his wall on the southern U.S. border include…
Should have happened a few years ago... But at least it's happened "Chiefs fire DC Bob Sutton following loss to Patriots" #ChiefsKingdom #chiefs
RT If I were to start a GoFundMe or ask for sponsors to send me to IoT Day Nigeria to speak, would you contribute? Would your…
Chicken chili and crackers all ready for my weekly chat with other #devrel professionals
RT "To find yourself, think for yourself." ~ Socrates. (&amp;lt;&amp;lt;I always do whatever this guy says.)
RT Want to learn more about CI/CD and DevOps techniques? has something for everyone this weekend!
Those dang whales... always whinging!
Congrats! And this is awesome!
We are enhancing our support offerings! Premier Support includes coverage 24x7x365, designated support teams, and more! #identitymanagement
Great opportunity in #Canada
On the flip side, he might just confuse everyone enough that the judge takes pity?
I might have to with this obvious display of skill!
RT Many who quote him now would have hated him then. He was assassinated for trying to eradicate the evils some claim he’d su…
Dude your Photoshop skills are on point!
Shall we DM you? 😋😎😃
Ibuprofen, ice and wrap. Rest. Not much else can be done.
By using gifs
Sadly... It wasn't an incorrect statement 😋
RT I’ve always drawn inspiration from what Dr. King called life’s most persistent and urgent question: "What are you doing fo…
#MLKDay
RT One final thought: Every student in America (no matter the racial composition of their school) needs to see images like thi…
RT Today, we remember Dr. King's remarkable life and strive to continue to follow his principles of unity and equality. All…
May we remember and hopefully learn from Dr. King on this #MartinLutherKingJrDay
Yes! Digital well-being or all Android devices! Thanks to
RT Tom Brady just quietly approached a security guard waiting outside the Chiefs’ locker room — and asked if he could see…
This is actually a decent suggestion... In this case it wouldn't have made a difference as NE started roughly at the same spot after the coin toss and then kickoff (their own 25 instead of 18) but it just keeps the game going.
Yeah that's about the reaction here
If his commentary during the Chiefs game is to be believed, you'll find her in a New England jersey
A whole lot better than it used to be... Just sucks that our defense couldn't make the stops needed down the stretch
Great season for - thank you! #ChiefsKingdom
Anyone that does otherwise is a psychopath. #Science
Agreed but how do you tell this offense to do what they aren't great at and take lots of time when the NE defense gives them opportunities?
RT FOR THE LEAD!
RT WE GOT THE LEAD!!!
The #Chiefs Defense steps up and makes the biggest stop of the season that they didn't make earlier in the year. Now they have to capitalise. #LetsRoll #NEvsKC
Numerous videos contradict what he says. A few things stand out: 1) if true, the chaperone who said they should respond with school chants should be ashamed. Stupid. 2) is he that arrogant to think his claims won't be refuted by truth? 3) his school chants are "Build the wall?"
It's beyond campy... It's intelligent camp...
#LetsRoll
Let's go #KCChiefs #KCvsNE
RT BREAKING: Side judge that missed obvious PI call named early favorite to win Super Bowl 53 MVP
Absolutely. Very disappointing. There is no excuse for the officiating crew there.
New #DevRel Canvas... Ready to be painted on
#fakeNews
Yes. Absolutely those two. There are no others.
Eat, sleep, watch sports. Rinse. Repeat.
You misspelled "I'm bored and want to share a useless fact."
Instead of needing a visa, how about #remotework? Check out
Gief me!!!
So next week is Infrastructure Week?
RT The MAGA teens who taunted a Native American elder in DC could be expelled
Gentle Viking Beard Wash ftw
The perfect mix of iffy technologies... All in one package. What's not to like? #VRBlockchainAllTehThings
RT Based on the MAGA Catholic teens video, Gillette needs to start selling diapers
. is this what you want your school to be known for? At a #MarchForLife event no less?
Grab some hot tea and a good book in front of a fire if you can
This disrespectful and abhorrent behaviour is not ok and I hope that respond and deal with it.
#SlideshowKaraoke at #DevConfCZ? I'm in!
RT For what it's worth, I was head of CIA's Counter Terrorism Americas branch from 2007-2009. One of our responsibilities was a…
RT Halfway to the #10yearchallenge. It’s a #5yearchallenge for us, and we couldn’t be happier to see how much we’ve grown ☄️ ✨ Can…
Yvonne Wilson, Director of Strategic Ops and Technical Enablement, offers insights from 20 years in #identity and security.
Stay safe and protected against potential #cyberattacks with these 5 predictions by security experts. #infosec
I think you have at least a leg up on me because every time I think about doing a podcast I immediately have this image in my head of what I might look like... And I don't even try.
Narrator: "No one noticed."
Great talk given at #DevRelCon by - "What Mean Girls taught us about building communities"
In 1 week I will be in #Brno to speak at #DevConfCZ 2019 - care to join me? #devrel
RT Here you can find the recording of our community strategy breakdown webinar and some associated useful resources. #cmgr #esn
That's frightening...
Congratulations on what you have achieved mate and I am excited to hear about your next role, where you will of course knock it out of the park!
I guffawed then and I guffaw now just thinking about it
Thread here
I loved my 1989 Supra Turbo with 350RWHP...
1) why not? and 2) yeah that's probably this weekend. They filmed in my city this season.
Escape rooms ftw! I'm at 100% so far with you, and and I know David would bring the thunder!
Always follow the money
Relevant
Work/Life balance is bullshit. Work is a part of our life - we spend so much time at work than we will with our children - it’s upside down. The narrative is “Bring your whole self - just not that much.” -via at #monktoberfest
What would tech look like if we didn’t make it so difficult, shutting the door on others, making them overcome extraordinary odds - alone. -via at #monktoberfest
Emily’s moment was choking on a piece of fried chicken, lodged in her throat, while those around her ignored her - and she understood that she was alone. What followed was a trajectory that brought her to tech. -via at #monktoberfest
Sometimes unexpected, pivotal moments make themselves evident, and momentous in our lives… not things like graduations &amp; births of children. Hell no. Something entirely different which changes the trajectory of your life… -via at #monktoberfest
Next to last talk for the day at #Monktoberfest is - “The day chicken tried to kill me.”
RT OH: “What do you know about open source, dickhead?!”
Always running into great people, like at #Monktoberfest
So sorry Kim! Let me know if I can make any introductions
And here's the email with a lot of great insight from at #Monktoberfest
A rum filled Corey
RT New State of DevOps report just dropped. ⤵️ Excited to see that healthy cultures, user-centric approaches, and high-quali…
Next #Monktoberfest talk is from Mike Olson, with a talk which began with an email to a climate tech founder about how to construct records. And he’s going to read us that email. 🤣😁
To move forward, (1) ask questions about the systems and their bias, (2) think critically about the past and apply learned lessons, and (3) push for traceability &amp; accountability in the systems we’re developing now -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
With AI/ML, they may have bias that can’t be undone, w/ the base models getting trained &amp; then never touched again. With the problematic classification systems already encoded in our knowledge, means we probably get stuck with point-in-time views -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
How does tech matter? Search engines present new paradigms, but similar problems. - No visibility on decisions - Driven by monetary needs - Don’t surface metadata in any meaningful way -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
When humans make classification systems, they will have inherent time and place bias - so important to keep in mind the inherent bias and flaws. -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
Different systems address their cultural needs, and have existed throughout history (LOC, BDC, BISAC, Metis, Bliss BC) but none have been able to topple Dewey’s dominance -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
Any change is inherently slow and political, and still using terminology and structure from the PAST. Example is removing alien to describe non-citizens &amp; unauth immigrants being approved by Library of Congress - but blocked by FUCKING TED CRUZ -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
The problem w/ this classification is it relies primarily on the worldview of its creator, w/ most non-White, Anglo-Saxon, American topics falling into small, non-local-relevance for everything else, including under-represented people &amp; cultures -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
What you did there... 😀
Yeah I agree.
So are most cases
RT I'm doing a really cool research project for a client. Looking to chat to Java, NodeJS, Python devs in the US. There's a…
I see your weird, and raise you a unicorn
So it seems reviews on for Device Health Services are a bit off...? Or Google is rocking their AR/VR and AI...
This thread...
RT Software Engineers set the bar at MVP (minimum viable product) while Developer Advocates have it at MLP (minimum lovable pro…
What Mean Girls taught us about building communities #devrel
Pass the torch #devrel
Documentation as practical empathy #devrel
If you've ever used to help identify where you are in your #community and a framework to progress with, then you might want to help shape the new Community Canvas 2.0
I tend to agree with these, though I do shy away from definitive statements like "DevRel should never be in Marketing". Yes it can be disastrous, but given the right support #devrel can be fine &amp; flourish there - depends solely on the company &amp; management
Absolutely! The person who did the wiring didn't see fit to match wall outlets to patch panel ports, but I mapped the entire 3 floors in a day! Allowed me to spend more time on my dedicated T1 to my desk, AND get a major task done. Multitasking!
Sorry to hear that. It happens to me when I even think about exercise.
Yep. The networking version of...
What was crazy was the shear unplanned nature of it and how it happened on the fly. Mick's book where he talks about that is very revealing.
Also reminds me of the little game I created called "Let's social engineer this, screw the tone generator and just unplug the patch cable to see which port belongs to whom." Worked 100% of the time. #DevOpsEarlyDays
Oh geez... Brings me back to the mid-90s when I worked as Network Admin at an ISP... Using a tone generator on that crap is likely why I am going bald now in the 2010s
That's awesome! He should make more of those and post them on Etsy. Make $$. Take over the world. All before he's 18.
This is a perfect example of the fantastic opportunity tech has for many different sectors!
RT Who’s doing awesome engineering work and not getting nearly enough credit? I feel like I’m in an echo chamber and I wan…
Solid notes from on #community strategy "Too many discussions are about optimizing what you do instead of identifying what to do" #cmgr
RT A few folks have asked about DevRel internships. Just found opportunities and . plz share others you'v…
The kid's got to have goals
RT Katelyn Ohashi's utterly perfect gymnast routine has already been watched millions of times
. customers can now implement Universal Identity Platform to build and scale new applications quickly.
Somehow I am picturing this....
RT Sometimes you gotta go old school with a pen and paper or go on a whiteboard to get your thoughts flowin…
#passwordmanagerftw
Way to go
Having 6+ years of #remoteworking under my belt, this is a good list for anyone and everyone
RT ✍️👩🏼‍💻 Wrote about my experience with this wild rollercoaster on please enjoy:
RT Steve King was saying insanely racist things long before Republicans decided enough was enough
RT On the flip side... if you're a #DevRel professional looking for a new gig, there are currently 150 open jobs listed in the…
RT Hiring a #DevRel professional? Reach hundreds of them at once by sponsoring #DevRelWeekly, a weekly newsletter that curates…
Ahh, RSS... I doth use thee still
As my condolence, Better Off Ted. Watch it.
I was wondering your feelings around the latest presentation remotes? Any ideas? Likes? Dislikes?
Hackathons are an important part of offline community opportunities - and colleges are a great target! "The Business Value of College Hackathons" via
Coming along nicely! Every office space needs a Dalek to encourage you to get work done.
Good list in thread about why #community and #cmgr are important hires and can bring some, often overlooked, skills into an org
RT Remember, Beautiful People, it's OK to be sick / sad / mad / negative. Don't forget to breathe, though. #LovingYou
So that's what the shadow is on your face...
RT Shout out to - using SMS and their serverless functions, our two-day hack is sending free beers to furloughed federal…
What a difference a year makes....
It was a bit dry if you want my honest opinion....
This was not the award speech I was anticipating
Yeah... Look at the responses in the main tweet and you'll see the idiocy playing out, illustrating why this video and campaign exists.
This is solid and those men feeling attacked for this, maybe they're the problem?
This is solid and as has been mentioned... Those men feeling attacked for this, maybe they're the problem?
RT All about the art of creating strong passwords: #onlinesecurity #security #cybersecurity #passwords #s…
I keep thinking about it... But just not a gamer. I like playing, when I have time, the Uncharted series.. but just not a gamer.
RT Curious... Reply to this tweet with how you define community in the context of business. RT if you're curious to hear wh…
RT Here's one of the most useful things we do in consultancy community surveys. We ask: "what is the one problem you wo…
Walk more? (Disclaimer: not a doctor)
RT I've been skimming the submissions as they come in and I'm so excited for San Diego! If you haven't submitte…
RT Top quote. #cmgr
RT A programmer was arrested for writing unreadable code. He refused to comment.
How open source software took over the world via
Those passionate about your product/service and enabling them to be your biggest fans.
Yeah I have seen some roles which definitely require a jack-of-all trades.
I feel a conference talk is in order...
JUST IN: Snow is cold, water is wet, and the sun rises and sets daily. Now back to you, Bob!
RT When reviewing a Pull Request, wouldn't it be great if you could play with a live version of the code without having to pu…
Yes! And most either don't understand the marginal tax rate ("the next dollar") or purposely don't want you to. Also from 1917 until the 1980s we had at least a 50% marginal tax bracket...
Auth0 Principal Architect on the implications of the new #OAuth2 security BCP for implicit grant and SPAs.
Let's go #KCChiefs !!
RT PLAYOFF W 🔥🔥🔥 #LetsRoll
RT . friends! If you're looking for the module by that allows you to easily search for 'good first issues'…
Couldn't be hiding something.... Could he?
RT For how can tyrants safely govern home, Unless abroad they purchase great alliance?
A little light on the slides and cat pics... But inspiring.
Awesome #opensource tool from - Foreyes: cross-browser visual testing by Daniel Giralt Len
Follow this thread for an insane version of online harassment u folding before our very eyes
RT Tidelift Doubles Down On Supporting Open Source Enterprise Application Development
This has got me in stitches
A real one, not a manufactured one
Reading those words over and over - prior to 2016 never thought I would
A great time to be at GitHub!
Daniel chose to eat the veggie diet because he didn't want to be defiled by the King's meat which violated Jewish Law. Story in Daniel 1:3-16. Nothing says that Daniel continued the diet for the rest of his life though.
Jeremy Wants Tacos. "JWT" is also commonly used in the phrase "JWT NAO!" which loosely translates to "Jeremy Wants Tacos NOW!".
RT A huge part of community management is just prompting people to share what they already do, but it a structured way so others c…
You're of course missing sharks with lasers, which I assume are poised for attack under the podium, awaiting your activation word
For more info: Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898 (The History of NYC Series)
RT MIT Scratch 3.0 Opens New Doors For Users And Builders Alike #IoT
That is so me when I have long layovers. I loved the 7hrs I spent in Copenhagen last year.
Looks like a great #opensource conference to submit a #cfp for!
RT Pay attention to the way is running GitHub. Over the past two months, he's announced multiple great new feat…
Five tips for developer content marketing #devrel
RT Did you know that without the appropriate license, software isn't really open source?
RT 🗣 GitLab is available in many languages, but there's always more translation work to be done! Here's how you can contribute:…
Hot take: a saw cuts through steel, a ladder or drone goes over a wall, and a shovel goes under a wall.
Kicking the hornets’ nest #devrel
RT Shipping today — set a status on your GitHub profile to let your friends and colleagues know what you’re up to, and set ex…
Congrats to the Tidelift team and #opensource
20 questions DevOps hiring managers should be prepared to answer
And it has now come to the part of my journey through this week where a tweetstorm of gifs is necessary... So for this journey, the topic is "The IT Crowd". I'll start us off....
This is great news for those small teams, startups, and #opensource projects
Some solid advice from at #DevRelCon, talking about "ROI is a Trap" - “Not everything of value can be measured” - "The metric is never the goal"
Follow along with the fact-checking.
RT He waxes desperate with imagination.
“The Definitive Guide to Contributing to Open Source” by Piotr Gaczkowski #opensource
#devrel #Stickers ftw
For a great #devrel or #community consultant, look no further than Mary!
RT No matter what you call yourself developer advocate /evangelist remember Advocate - advocate for DEVELOPER needs Evangeli…
RT Ok so during Trump's "I Need A Wall" speech tonight, which network is doing the live fact-checking "Pop-Up Video" style?
My DMs are open if you want to discuss this role
Metrics for the sake of metrics, or "we can quantify it so let's track it!", is meaningless unless you know what decisions you're going to make out of those numbers
This is one of the reasons why "influencers" have lost their value to communities - instead your #community should be incentivised to share their opinions with each other as "word-of-mouth" is so much more effective and desired. Influencer marketing is toxic to a community
RT "This president lies daily": Critics demand networks fact-check Trump’s live immigration speech
Congrats on the new opportunity, and great job with the Doctor Who theme...
Great article from on #devrel and enablement
Rules for creating great developer CLIs #devrel
RT Don't forget! The next Amsterdam Salon is 𝓽𝓸𝓶𝓸𝓻𝓻𝓸𝔀! will be joining us 🍻 Oh! And we have a new secret initia…
RT Community Management Skills That Matter: Strategy #cmgr
RT More about the economics of top tax rates 3/
RT Interesting statistic from on the AOC tax discussion: In 2011 -- the most recent full year available from the I…
I think this is worrisome as it means he, who is the self-proclaimed expert on everything, is left more and more to his own devices, and fewer opportunities for the 25th Amendment to be invoked if needed.
W1D2a (I say "a" because the 6T likes to end apps in the background pretty aggressively &amp; so halfway through it killed the #c25k app &amp; I didn't know which cycle I was on &amp; I will have to redo the day and I tweaked my ankle on suburban sidewalks) was 2.2mi mixed run/walk
RT Make your emails memorable 💌 Create a fully customized email signature for free 👇
RT "Please consider the possibility that everyone may not be out to get you. Maybe, just maybe, you might be out to get your…
Great job putting this together and
RT These were the worst data breaches and vulnerabilities of 2018: via #cybersecurity #datab…
RT I wrote about The Business Value of College Hackathons based on my many years sponsoring and mentoring at them. I hope you li…
Ok. So please help everyone understand how exactly in this trade deal (which hasn't been actually put into place) Mexico will actually be paying for the wall, and use specifics not diatribes which have no basis in fact.
Makes perfect sense now....
is also a solid option
Yes, so much this.
Someone is misinformed... It's clearly a biscuit and one I've had a hard time finding the last few times I've been to England.
RT The Ambassador Program had a stand out year in 2018. Here's how we did, what we learned, and what's coming in 2…
🏃‍♀️💪
And that is nothing short of a good thing!
RT This is a good discussion of AOC's call for a top tax rate of 70-80%. Tl; dr: she's actually saying what top public financ…
Watching #zombieland with the kids for their first time... #LetsGo
Where did they get these? They're awesome!!!
Ahh if only
RT Alternative Headline: floats same top tax rate US had for literally decades during a time of unprecedented, historic…
RT So this doesn’t mean that all rich people would suddenly have to give up 70% of their income. Thanks to the way tax br…
RT Post WWII, the tax rate peaked at 94% on annual income over $200,000 ($3mil in 2018 dollars). In the decades following…
You were successful the first time
What did YOU do on your first day?
Making family reunions from here on out a bit awkward
They have antibiotics for that you know...
Building your internal army
An API spec driven developer experience journey
I feel like I'm missing out on a great time here
Had this exact experience the last 2 days with some shoes my son bought
Especially if you link them to something you've already written
It does... Very interesting... Indeed...
RT You have to live in some kind of fantasy land to think that people can survive week by week without their regular paycheck…
So W1D1 of #c25k is in the books.. kept seeing the same stuff as I went round and around so might need to vary it up some
ROI is a trap!
Unless of course he's talking about calls to his insecure phone from Putin and the Internet Research Agency - then he would be basically telling the truth...?
Dev rel and enterprise sales: an unlikely partnership
Oh now this is an idea
Coffee does that! Thanks for reading and sharing!
Solid advice.
RT Tomorrow is going to be a historic day on Capitol Hill, with over 100 women being sworn in to the 116th Congress — a new…
That's quite a list!
I want to disagree, but you're not wrong.
Dewey’s impact with his system has been massive, with prevalence across 135 countries and 200k+ libraries worldwide. It essentially classifies all of the world’s knowledge into TEN categories, divided into TEN sub-categories, and going on -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
Melvil Dewey had a “complex legacy”, with number 10 obsession, social club founder only admitting white Christians, and was fired from his OWN ORG (ALA) in NINETEEN-OH-FIVE for sexual harassment, and his system is STILL used -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
Classification systems group/organize data to be compared with other data. These classifications often only make sense in the context of that system, and nothing that contributes to that system. -via Lisa Kamm at #Monktoberfest
Next talk at #Monktoberfest 2023 is Lisa Kamm talking about “Classification and its discontents, and the strong bias of the Dewey Decimal system”
Yeah, the last pic shows the ass of the pig that was filled with rum. And Corey.
Becoming a good leader means you use generative culture, leading by being worth following. -via at #Monktoberfest
Naoto Kan (PM) used pathological, power-oriented leadership (low coop, messengers “shot”, failure➡️scapegoat) Masao Yoshida (leader) used generative, performance-oriented leadership (high coop, train messengers, failure➡️inquiry, novelty) -via at #Monktoberfest
Without the decisions made by the leader at the site, Fukushima would have been worse by far than Chernobyl -via at #Monktoberfest
The leader of the site had had enough of the PM stepping in, and proceeded to turn his back on the PM and dropped his pants - and then proceeded to do what was necessary to alleviate the danger -via at #Monktoberfest
Regardless of the PM’s orders, the leader of the site knew they needed to flood with seawater as 3 of the 4 had a hydrogen explosion. The PM was furious and demanded that the sites not be abandoned, and if they did they would all be punished -via at #Monktoberfest
The rapid corrosion of the fuel rods due to the heat ended up causing a hydrogen explosion, and the need to dump seawater in was immediate. But the PM was adamant that shouldn’t happen -via at #Monktoberfest
The crews heading to the reactor basement were hit with massive radiation as the core was melting down. Many teams were starting to make other plans, which the atmospheric pressure was growing to over 8atm… -via at #Monktoberfest
The venting of the reactor was taking too long, and so the PM stepped in to find out what was going on, and found out that people were stepping up to probably sacrifice their lives to perform the manual process -via at #Monktoberfest
With unlucky timing of the electricity loss while they were cycling the isolation condenser to control the proper shutdown of the reactor, the reactor started heating up &amp; hitting all sorts of challenges popping up &amp; they needed to vent the reactor -via at #Monktoberfest
The Fukushima quake lasted 6 whole minutes, and the immediate response from the systems worked exactly as intended, and they were well on their way to a successful shutdown. Until the massive tsunami hit, and the systems started shutting down. -via at #Monktoberfest
The first #Monktoberfest talk this year is talking about “The Magnitude 9.1 Meltdown at Fukushima”. Japan’s one of the most actively seismic places on earth &amp; no stranger to tsunamis, but w/ the post-war economic boom they built many nuclear power plants near the water
And we’re LIVE at #Monktoberfest 2023 with kicking us off and telling us about this amazing conference
Happy belated birthday HEATHER!!!!
Paper Tiger, and absolutely no idea.
The "Garden Party" episode of has got to be one of the top 5 of the show.
Looking awesome!
RT For those of you asking, #JavascriptJanuary is a thing I run. This is the second year. I curate 31 articles on JavaScript…
Word.
I got you mate. Trust an American to protect a credit card.
It better not be pineapple on pizza because that is awesomeness right there
See, he's using it wrong! You're proving my point. =)
TFW you're getting ready for a conference call and your daughter is figuring out how to play "Free Falling" by Tom Petty by ear on the piano above. #parentingwin
Basic Economy is the equivalent of the airlines telling Spirit Airlines....
RT Scratch 3.0 is here! #Scratch3 #NewYearNewScratch
I wrote a thing... "DevRel is like coffee.. and other profundities.” #devrel #community
Lost in Space? The Good Place? A Series of Unfortunate Events?
It is beginning to be quite evident that Jesus's words and commands don't apply to Trump and his followers
Iceland. Australia. Fiji.
Wait… 50% faster? That would be twice as fast, 200%, not half as fast. The original is 100%…. I also may be getting caught in semantics as well… I’ve _never_ said 50% faster if I am going twice as fast…
Ok - makes sense. I was viewing this in terms of timescale like a video and how fast you would be watching something which could be multiple “x” of viewing speed and would make sense to use “x” notation.
You're going 100% faster than you were, which would translate to 200% of the original, i.e. 2x... the "x" notation makes more sense since when you're talking about something being faster, since in terms of some things there actually wouldn't be a maximum and 100% wouldn't work
Not certain the full list of things you're interested in, but check out some roles we have at around DevRel: - Dev Experience: … - Community Manager: - Full List: #remote friendly too!
Welcome back
If you’re interested in helping shape the developer community and experience at then you should check out this role on my team:
It also seems that you and went back and forth on the same thing already
Or “Community Programs” and it encompassing those?
Sorry I missed your reply - my response is more around your position that “deep investment” is the only way to form a community, and equating not being deeply invested (which I am assuming is them replying, etc.) to the tech not being important to them. Not replying != importance
Seems I have a problem....
More conferences need to do this
You should check out a few of our roles at - Dev Experience: - Community Manager:
Coming back from 2 weeks vacation and looking at my email and Slack notifications got me like...
I'm excited to speak at 2019 #devconfcz
I want one
Waiting for instructional video...
Pretty soon our traditional New Year's Family Movie Marathon kicks off with 2 new (to the kids) movies and a yearly staple: 1- Raising Arizona 2- Die Hard 3- The Three Amigos (staple) They love it and look forward to it every year. #adulting #parentingwins
I think it's probably pretty safe to say at this point that Evangelicals have gone off the rails and there's no longer any shark to jump
No your comment was "If the common interest is shallow or fleeting, community won’t stick. That’s why you can’t build community around a product/brand people aren’t deeply invested in." Community is still there and valuable to those even if it doesn't fit your construct.
For a highly technical community, where the topic is one that few are able to answer and members of the community are there to get answers, those answering tend to be primarily staff of the company with few members in the community (non-staff) answering.
Great way to start 2019... #2faAllTehThings
RT Find out how to turn your Postman Collection into models with
Saying "you can't" is a pretty broad stroke that ignores communities which form around desires for support of a product? Communities formed around higher tech products often don't have deep investment, but are valuable as a source for valuable assistance. That's still community.
As long as you implement 2FA then it can burn, baby burn!
Password manager for your master password.... It's like #Passwordception
"Shaun of the Dead"
"The Family Man" is a solid, modern retelling of "It's A Wonderful Life" - if you've not seen it you should. Now.
RT Programming is like a CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE GAME except every path leads to you lying in bed at 2am thinking about a b…
RT The spacecraft zipped past #UltimaThule just moments ago, making history once again! Join us tomorrow at 10am…
Happy New Year Twitter peeps!
Happy New Year to all my #devrel and #community friends! 2018 has been great and here's to another amazing year! You all rock!
RT I know what you're all thinking: "Gosh, I need to come up with another New Year's resolution!" Well, great news, I hav…
RT If Obama told 1 lie in office, Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson and Republicans would have gone insane. Now imagine if he pulle…
RT Telling someone I'm an engineer and having them respond "Really? I thought you were just community." hurts A LOT. Yes,…
#DevRelFTW
Long, but great, thread on why the political reporting architecture needs to change prior to 2020 or else we face the same problems we had in the run up to 2016
RT *NEW* Final version: FASTER, longer, and corrected thanks to Twitter! 👍 Day length (sidereal) &amp; axial tilt for the 8 largest…
Europe to fund bug bounties for 15 open source programs, including VLC, Drupal and Notepad++ -
Don't over do it...
Make 'em Large.
RT If you start watching Shrek at 10:39:04 on New Years Eve, a bunch of magical fairy tale creatures will start playing the Eddie…
RT Let's make a resolution to defend digital freedom together in 2019.
Quite honestly could use this myself....
Good thread on the top 50 public events in #TrumpRussia
RT Only the second player to put up these numbers in NFL history! RT for #MVPat 🚀
RT Who else finds it ironic that Breitbart, Fox News and Infowars consistently attack those on the Left for being "anti-poli…
If you have a product that you need developers to implement and to use, #DevRel is relevant and important.
At this rate I think my besties have me on autoresponder...
It would seem so
Lolwut? It's a wonder he made it through first grade having to write all that.
This thread thoroughly captures the Dev Advocate discipline in an organisation
RT As you may have seen, #DevRel is taking some heat. Again. I've asked for feedback as to what the cause may be and I hope…
What is this sorcery? Ember sends emails?
She made statements about what seems to be a misunderstanding of what #DevRel and #DevAdvocates do, broadly associated them with being disingenuous and shysters, and when those people replied to nicely explain what DevRel is, she blocked them and then preemptively did others.
She made statements about what seems to be a misunderstanding of what #DevRel and #DevAdvocates do, broadly associated them with being disingenuous and shysters, and when those people reply to nicely explain what DevRel is, she blocked them and then preemptively did others.
RT Build the Business Case to Defend and Grow Your #Community Program
This is the reality of "fame"....
RT Twitter fame isn’t real, we’re all just internet weirdos with awkward social habits trying to connect. Nobody is better…
I have a feeling that she's not even referencing actual people in DevRel... I've been around long enough in tech, and the only ones I have seen matching what she's saying are people who call themselves "social media influencers" who have nothing to do with DevRel.
Am I too late to say "YES!!!" to this?
Deal.
RT A govt of the people is, by its nature, imperfect. Throughout history we’ve always worked to correct our imperfections,…
RT Unit testing without integration testing
RT can we please stop belitting other people in tech? jesus christ people. please. stay. in. your. lane. if. you. only. plan. t…
This is my general position as well. I have been a full-time developer and have worked in just about every area of IT over the last 25 years, but my main strength has always been connecting people to the information they need and translating to their acumen.
Especially since I like eating jellybeans... Does that reflect in some way on the quality or longevity of my life? I'm confused now.
As they say, follow the money.
RT I feel like I generally trust people unless it’s in regards to pushing a pedestrian crossing button
So I failed a bit in being late to the party, but let me take this moment to say how excited I am for you and know you're going to rock this!
Can't disagree with any of these...
RT On his birthday, join us in remembering Stan Lee. Happy Birthday, Stan. Thank you for everything.
Wait.. #serverless is WITHOUT servers... 😋 My bad...
Can we subscribe via some RaspberryPi project and then it auto-tweet so we also know and can provide the appropriate level of response? 😎😋
Expect a new influx of metahumans any day now...
Feels like this is the backstory to a lot of different superhero origin stories
Meh... Only 2 of them are really worth watching...
RT "Do a good deed this season and earn some tech savvy points with your family. Work through this holiday tech support list and g…
RT “There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especial…
Wow... How potentially depressing
Good info on upcoming image handling changes on Twitter
Bill the Sparrow and Crazy Ted, that's what their friends call them, were my writing partners this morning. We enjoyed leftover caramel popcorn and coffee, and spoke of the days long gone.
THAT'S HOW WE TALK TO A DIVERSE AUDIENCE! WE ASSUME WE MUST SPEAK LOUDER SO THAT WE WILL BE UNDERSTOOD!
I think NYC invented brunch, and there is at least one place every block!
Those were simpler times
Same here.
Palm tattoo? Unwashed fingers?
RT Believing in Santa at age 7 is not "marginal", but believing in a wall at any age is definitely marginally insane!
The rich don't spend money like they're poor
RT Case Study: How community managers use #gamification to increase community engagement:
RT Want to be an Android developer? Here you go: How to start building your Android app: creating Mockups, UI, and XML layou…
Early morning talk/blog writing doesn't get any better than this. Unless I was actually out there on the beach, but I forgot a chair, and sitting in the sand ensures that said sand will end up in places it's never supposed to be... So I'll stay right here for now.
RT JFK's letter to child--"You must not worry about Santa Claus. I talked with him yesterday and he is fine."--1961:
RT I don’t ever again want to hear how my daughters can’t one day run for President because women are “too emotional”.
Merry Christmas to the troops
RT I am super excited to announce that DORA is joining Google Cloud! Many thanks and much love to our customers, partners, colla…
A MUST read thread of facts around refugees/immigrants that some don't want you to read or know.
Get in me belly!!
#MartianIceSkating soon to be a thing...
#DieHardIsAChristmasMovie
RT I did it, I found the worst gif on the internet
RT Merry Christmas to all our deployed service members, intelligence community workers and contractors. 🎄🇺🇸
Merry Christmas Twitter!
Woohoo!
Wife: Who's the chief character of The Christmas Story? Oldest: Ralphie? Me (while facepalming): &lt;snort&gt;
This is awesome and a great step forward... I do kinda worry if it will get signed though...
A Schrute family intervention consists of (in this order): Awareness Education Control Acceptance Punching #christmas
Merry Christmas!
Wish either one would man up! If you were in KC you'd have a place to stay overnight. Hope you find something that makes it livable! 😞
RT An introduction to containers and the Docker platform. This article looks at some of the reasons for Docker's rising…
Hope they...
Fun fact: I have the exact same look.
Very disappointed in and
Oh so sorry to hear that Swarna! Hot they figure things out for you!
So what they're saying is #TheMatrix was actually harvesting Bitcoin? #coppertop #Mindblown
I had no idea!
Reading all these replies, who knew The Verge had all these fanbois...?
Paper bag, roll it up, and tape it. Use extra tape for flair.
RT The Brave desktop browser which features the Brave Rewards fixes (version 0.58.18) is now available for download or upgrade. htt…
RT Want to attend #FullStackNYC 2019 but find yourself unable to do so without some assistance? If your background is one th…
Those look perfect and just as tasty
RT 12. They are never going to build a wall across thousands of miles of desert, rivers and forests, private and commercial…
RT Recapping the Top Ten most popular DEV posts of 2018 📈
RT 5. President Ronald Reagan supported Amnesty (his word) and argued that open borders allow them return home when they're…
RT AT&amp;T customers: Don’t be fooled if you see a “5G E” indicator on your phone
Register for FREE and come see me talk about #devrel, #community, and #coffee
I hate to think how many times this has been duplicated with me over the years...
RT $5 billion could give clean water to Flint, Michigan. $5 billion could provide universal pre-K to every child in America…
Sharing is caring.
RT blaming the user for using your software wrong is like blaming the rain for plumbing issues
RT Conference organizers - pro tip. Don't provide unfiltered feedback to your speakers. Because the feedback might be about…
RT What closes when the government shuts down
Wow...
Yeah... Tweets are better. You don't even have to make sense!
Bill Walton. Great player. In his day. As an announcer he is soo difficult to listen to. In this #KUvsASU match all he can talk about is "championship-level" and "hall of famers"....
Good first step... You should state what you did and used and such!
Turned that off a long time ago... Only way I can use the official app
5 Online Community Predictions for 2019 - via
#DieHardIsAChristmasMovie
RT Can you tell the difference between factual and opinion news statements? Take this quiz to find out:
"Instead of wondering what percentage of your members should be active according to others, focus on what’s keeping people active today." - From "What Percentage Of Our Members Should Be Active" ... #cmgr #community
Or reply to a message
RT HAPPENING NOW: A portion of sales from product management and design book bundle is going to CfA. Every $ we…
RT #DevRel protip: 1. Code a sample app 2. Publish a blog post to show how you built it 3. Build a demo script from the blog po…
RT If you feel like you have to lie to or mislead your users about what you're doing with their data, then you should not be doin…
RT Around this time of year, a few of us are thinking about what we might pledge to do differently in the new year. Let's sta…
RT We are still looking for 2019 sponsors for Let’s Encrypt! Join over 60 organizations who have made Web security a priority…
RT There is no single "recipe" to build community growth. It needs an initial ignition (the launch), and then consistent amplif…
Great #community and #devrel podcast.
You have a great Holiday and get refreshed! Staying sane-adjacent is a skill and you're mastering it well!
RT In her new book "The Business Value of Developer Relations", the #1 new release in its category on Amazon, author e…
RT THE FINAL HAMILDROP: One Last Time (44 Remix) Featuring &amp;
I'm going to stop using it, but not sure I am able to fully delete at this time...
RT Nobody put rich text in the corner! 🥊 We just released a new version of our #PortableText editor! It's great out of the box,…
Yes, yes I do want to uninstall FB from my phone.
RT Press Release: StreamSets Embeds InfluxDB for Time Series Data Collection and Analysis for Multi-Pipeline Dataflows
RT We are really waiting your CFP! Sharing your experience of developer relations, developer marketing, evangelism!
I personally love the design of forums like which drive towards functions the #cmgr wants the #community to perform.
RT Republican enablers for two years have written off stories of Trump's behavior as "fake news" and performance art, assuri…
RT a POTUS who didn't pay his fed taxes is shutting down govt unless he gets 5 bil of taxpayer $ he had promised Mexico wou…
RT Rep. Cicilline: You do not know how many people have died in DHS custody? DHS Sec. Nielsen: "I don't have an exact figure" ..…
Right. So that's what makes leaving FB annoying (I only joined mid-2017 because I needed to manage some client's FB pages and you need a profile to do so)...
Does using IG count as using FB? I'm about to pull the plug on FB but IG is more important and relevant for family connections... And my account is "private"
RT Download all the data GitHub stores on your behalf, All it takes is one button click.
RT As a reminder, there's a really damn useful tool that automagically pulls an "official" .gitignore: $ npx gitignor…
Great choice.
RT Having a GOP Congress override a Trump veto would be the 2018 ending we need.
You should be
Find someone that looks at you like looks at me over a rum filled pig #monktoberfest
OH: Whenever I come to a legal state I find the edibles and the creams
And we even shared a ride!
Just love running into friends like on planes to the same conference (#monktoberfest)
It's a legit, good experience. Hope you can make it too
Yeah, the submission process is different than others we are used to.
It’s early, but I’m heading towards my yearly favourite conference #monktoberfest, so it’s well worth it. See y’all soon!
And don't forget the world famous Detroit Style pizza at the arena named for it...
RT Let’s not kid ourselves: the Speaker’s chair was pretty vacant when Kevin McCarthy was sitting in it.
RT It was always going to go this way #Gaetz #McCarthy
Yes! Looking forward to hanging again
RT . lasted 24.5 Scaramuccis.
RT We've had so much fun since our return to in-person meetups since Feb of this year, we wanted to make this month's (October)…
Sounds so good Tim! Way to go and share your journey
Ahh, fun times....
Only just found out? lol Congrats Marino!
Oh that's just normal.
Congrats Tim! Looking forward to all the breakage!
RT Some interesting student dev insights from 2018 Student Developer Report: - growth opportunities &gt; perks - s…
RT Announcing Serverless by #DevToolsDigest
Thread...
Looking forward to it and hopefully will be able to make it finally this year and will be submitting a talk or two. I did notice on the website it has the wrong dates, using 2018 instead of 2019... 💪
For me it was AC/DC's Highway to Hell album... Heard it with my cousin who was ~10yrs older than me and I was a very sheltered kid... But looking back that was the moment my mind was opened to the breadth of music
#cfp for a great conference in Kansas City...
We just can't seem to get out of our own way...
Sustainable dev rel in 2019
RT Looking back to look ahead 🎴. Here's a look back at the best and most impactful #Developer posts we have published in 2018 🏆 →…
This was by far one of the best talks I saw at London - great job
Which would also include any non-profit in prison #LSSC
RT Obviously gingerbread cookies are men. #LSSC
Congrats! What's the new (internal) title?
"3 Ways Remote Workers Outperform Office Workers" by via
"what we do in life echoes in eternity" -Gladiator
2018 Wrap-Up (Ep 31) #devrel #community
RT George H.W. Bush sponsored a Filipino child for 10 years, using a pseudonym to keep his identity a secret. Read some of the letter…
Dev rel and the approval economy
I'm excited to be speaking at 2019! Care to join me? #devconfcz
I’ll save you by sending you my address via DM. #ProblemSolved
RT Take your career to the next level as a speaker at #OSCON Portland! We're interested in topics like #opensource, #ai, #cloudnati…
When I said I was taking a vacation #alicethebeagle evidently figured she could join in...
Just finishing Season 1 and starting on Season 2... Fantastic show on and one of the funniest I have seen in awhile
RT With Functions as a Service #FaaS software development changes dramatically. In this track, we will explore how your app…
A good move for United - especially bringing back Mike Phelan. #MUFC Glory, Glory #ManUtd
Only 5 tabs? Your partner is on you about 5 tabs? 😎🤔
When did Mexico become a federal agency?
Much less that those same companies _KNOW_ that most people don't read those TOS's
RT Companies behind on digital transformation get ahead with open leaders #TheOpenOrg #leadership
RT Blogging: Moving from Ghost to Hugo
Make sure to take the #DevRel survey from
Who said anything about "need"?
RT Recommended Read: We need Sustainable Free and Open Source Communities
Wow...
RT This CEO thinks it's crazy to work more than 40 hours a week
Exactly…
So... ~81k people have "thought leader" in their LinkedIn title/profile... I didn't know that was a thing..?
Countdown to tweetstorm....
RT Monetizing open source ≠ an open source company. explains how we got over the barriers to monetizing an open source com…
I love to muster up a good conspiracy… Assuming an escape room is involved with this collaboration, then I propose “Rain’s Marauders”… but if not then I actually like “Muster”.
RT Webcast of Falcon 9 launch is now live →
RT The thing that is annoying me the most right now is why are people so focused on and Jose Mourinho. Let's focus on reb…
Jose lost his way... That sack at Chelsea I think really messed with him. I wish him luck.
Getting intentional about educating developers
RT HTTPS Everywhere remains an important tool in your toolbox for keeping yourself safe on the web.
This is akin to the proverbial apology scene from A Fish Called Wanda
I so love these launches!
RT I am an optimist. For me that means that I’m inspired to look for people making progress, and to help spread that progress a…
I highly recommend these #coffee gifts for me this year.
That sure does look like and a Russian agent...
Want to be part of actively shaping the Developer Experience at or know someone who does? Then this is the gig! Developer Experience Advocate at
“ Launches 1.0 Which Goes Beyond Mobile App Development” by Zealous System
#transparency
XebiaLabs announces new DevOps as Code features
RT Help the #devrel community learn from each other and prepare for the future by filling out the 6th Annual Developer Relations…
RT Did you know that using more than one hashtag on Twitter results in a decrease in engagement? Lots of marketers don't realize th…
SD Times news digest: Google won’t sell facial recognition APIs, SAP and Software AG’s Smart City platform, and Apple and Google’s new campuses
Congrats - can't wait to see how you're going to rock this!
Back two for boiling water/pasta and then I usually use the front right by default for food requiring attention
Shh... Don't let Meetup know that or else they'll start charging organizers
Make an informal one by sitting down next to people who are also taking photos of their food.
RT Looking for better security? This excellent blog post by walks you through how to keep your API endpoints even st…
Not ashamed to admit I want one... But where's the version?
It's also the "in" thing to not wear matching socks, or so my kids say
I love the sock idea but I never wear them and just give them to my kids. But maybe I haven't gotten such awesome socks as that to wear, so there's that...
RT A DevRel closet is a closet of conference camouflage.
RT Wow this is so sad. Alexa, play “Another One Bites The Dust”
Retailers, don’t let cybercriminals ruin your customers' holidays! Here are 3 ways can protect your customers 🛡
The best apology of all time
Wait... Did I miss a memo somewhere? I thought it was all dog videos and pop culture memes... Have I been doing it wrong all along?
TIL what "pompadour" was thanks to you both.
RT Jumping into Open Source Communities - in which jams with and on the "Open Source Voi…
We only have Cadbury eggs around Easter, which is why I bring home Cadbury chocolate after each trip to England.
Welcome to the US...
Don't ever underestimate stupidity...
It totally depends on the motivations for #DevRel in the company to begin with. I've seen very prolific &amp; successful DevRel programs in all of those business units - I don't really think there's a one-size-fits-all location. Honestly.. should be its own with dotted lines to all.
RT 40 top Linux and open source conferences in 2019 |
Chances are you've used or received artwork done by Ashley, so if you can support her and give back!
So awesome!
If you haven't already subscribed to #DevRelWeekly, what are you waiting for? This week's issue is fantastic and a great opening read. What are you waiting for? Go! Subscribe! Now!
RT I've used several libraries Simon has written, he's brilliant. He has over 4800 contributions on GitHub THIS YEAR. And he…
Red Alert was so awesome back in the day...
Of course it doesn't... So maybe the should look at who benefits in Trump's circle for these rollbacks? It seems like every single deregulation directly impacts either Trump or a member of his cabinet and the industry they came from (and will go back to afterwards)
Secure, fully-featured social login saves 220 hours in year one.
This is barbaric. Plain and simple.
Hey noticed you're using - so are we at and if you have any issues implementing Auth0 for the auth let us know!
Must have. Now.
Only way I would probably adjust this is more around impact and less around engagement... #Community is valuable, measured by the impact the members are having within it.
Perfectly illustrates a lot of the biases we can have when it comes to interviewing. We should always seek to understand them and leave them at the door, and take people for who they are and what they have accomplished, not how they stand in relation to ourselves.
Ahh the trainwreck of stupid marketing ideas
Probably the other agent that Comes alluded to in his recent testimony before the sham hearing early on where Congressmen asked about the other agent and Comey’s (and the DOJ lawyer’s) was that they couldn’t name that other person because of their role in the FBI.
It has a cat in it.....
RT 🗣️We have officially opened up our call for session proposals for the Code for America Summit! Spread the word &amp; submit…
#CoffeeIsTheBestForYou
AHH the moving goal posts for the party of law and order... At this point those goal posts are already sliding down that slippery slope
RT Differentiating Between Social Media and Community Management #cmgr
Nah I prefer to fully embrace that fear and stare it in the face. And hope I don't blink first.
Ahh I thought it had something to do with arriving on time and/or everyone still alive...
"Don't sleep...."? I'm afraid to ask why...
Hint... They did. It's all publicly proven already.
That does make sense
"WizzAir" in no way makes me want to fly the airline... In fact anything that is another way of saying "Piss into the wind" doesn't even appear on my list of things to do.
Hmm I've seen this face a few times
Don't forget at cost to the US taxpayer.
A good breakdown and overview about #devrel roles and general activities performed from
RT imho the key theme is having your community's best interests at heart. This is partly why DevRel can pop up in…
RT 🤔 Developer Relations involves a lot more than writing code. DevRel is: - building relationships and fostering trust - collecti…
RT What you should expect a very junior CM to do: - Facilitate answers to questions - Create content to fuel engagement - Rep…
Hmm… So what else am I supposed to eat to keep from getting sick? #firstworldproblems
If you're passionate about the Developer Experience, know what they need and how to talk to them, and wish to make their lives easier while using a product with your favourite technology, then this is your gig! Developer Experience Advocate at
RT LIVE: "There absolutely should be some intention, some action taken around making sure these markets are competitive, mak…
RT #SpeakingTip A good speech goes as planned. A great speech has unexpected moments that genuinely connect you with the au…
That is a classic… As is this
It's what it is... It's become my favourite sport, over basketball and American football. Plus what other sport has such fantastic GIFs as this 👇? 😂🤣😆
With that being said, feel free to DM me for more info or find us on our Community site!
[Disclaimer: I work at Auth0] Never. Ever. Roll. Your. Own. Ever. Use a IDaaS - if you don’t use Auth0 (which is developer-friendly w/ fantastic docs &amp; quickstarts - I get it, I’m partial), at _least_ use someone’s. It’s better than rolling your own. Which you shouldn’t. Ever.
RT Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health care. That’s why these 3 heath care advocates told the
Spot on representation of famous football penalty takers
Another must read thread for conference organizers
Passionate about #community? Love being an advocate for developers &amp; their experience using a product? Love empowering them to be successful? Love #remotework? Then get this! We're hiring for a Community Manager at Come join the team!
RT It's true, our Chrome app has been deprecated. But we've moved everything (and way more) to our native apps. Learn more…
RT Ready to begin going serverless on AWS? Where do you start? Start with talking to us about getting up and running. htt…
RT 2018 is quickly coming to a close. Join us for our final Online Meetup in 2018! We are doing a panel discussion…
Dude! Straight Outta Seattle!
RT RT if you've silently screamed so much in 2018 that your internal monologue is hoarse.
RT TV show idea: Man vs Food but it’s a 7 hour broadcast of you trying to fix a bug in front of a live audience.
Good thread here
I mean if #Brexit is happening, what else do you expect them to do?
#Aspirational from #inspiration #wisdom
Hugs for Ember and you...
. continuing to knock it out of the park!
RT How we incentivize people is key to building engagement in a community, product, or service. Here is my keynote from last ye…
RT Recommended Read: The Rise of Microsoft Visual Studio Code
Remember, #ProcrastinationMakesLifeEasier
And now from your favourite local travel guide... ☕
Thinking about automating your home? shows how to do it while balancing security and convenience. #iotsecurity
They got nothing on Testamints.
Thread on #DevRel that is 💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯 (that's 1000%) spot on
RT #serverless occasionally lulls people into thinking they should build something that they're better off purchasing from a…
Telegram... Lightweight, works seamlessly between mobile and desktop, and it's not owned by Facebook
Oh my...
#ProcrastinationMakesLifeEasier
It was typed on an iPhone in the Twitter app.
Graham cracker and egg nog. #DontJudgeMe
"2 of which actually used the platform"
RT The State of Community Management 2018 report is available for free download #cmgr #esn
Echoing what Matthew says... There is a need for both full-time devs and full-time DevRel, and sometimes they match up but that's a rarity in my experience
Based on your statement of "in dire need of what they're preaching" it seems like you've had bad exp with some DevRel professionals and that sucks. The assumption that all in DevRel should be full-time devs is problematic... While that's valid for some co's, definitely not all.
RT Issue 44 of #DevRelWeekly is out! Lots of awesome content for those of you in #DevRel who are finishing up 2019 planning, i…
RT Check out how some fantastic companies use Postman. Read our case studies here:
RT No jump shots. No ferns. No memes. Not this time. I’m going to give it to you straight: If you need health insurance for 2…
Want. So. Much.
No one was as ballsy as Chuck Yeager, before or since.
Thank you for your service and balls to advance aviation.
Hmm not finding this on
RT This week with Washington makes it look like an NFL team really will sacrifice the playoffs rather than bring Kaepernick in.
Expensify is great... But even a 💩 is better than Concur... Some say they're the same but they aren't
RT Did you know you can over-reward people? There is often a point when performance starts to dip if you deliver too many rewar…
One of the things I loved about owning a shop was the ability to make coffee whenever I wanted.. but since I don't need coffee to wake up I can choose when and where to enjoy! #SayNoToStarbucks
Good to see a world leader willing to publicly admit to their mistakes. #WeCanDreamRight
#MovieQuotesFor2018
RT ChefConf is the largest community gathering and educational event for teams on the journey to becoming fast, efficient, and innov…
RT #AvengersEndgame trailer confirms another heartbreaking loss from Infinity War
It's Scott Free. Didn't you get the memo?
TIL if you are going to put your glasses on you should take your contacts out first.
#opensource continues to advance!
How many sealed indictments are left that Mueller has up his leave?
#DevRel is not about being a developer - it's about building relationships with developers, and these two skills are essential!
RT "You’ll learn something whether you’re a coffee nerd or not." Thanks for featuring The New Rules of Coffee in your…
RT We are excited to announce a partnership with for their newest feature launch “Stack Decisions” 🚀—an easy way to s…
RT Management Pro Tip #83: Disagree and Overcommit Nobody can afford to wait around for consensus, and realistic goals are bori…
Heck - could be a great spot for resurrecting #BetterOffTed
RT My new Udemy Course: Build Secure APIs with and is now up! You can register here.
As I look back to one of my favourite sitcoms of all time, I am reminded of the brilliance of the show - and what lost out on… and what could gain by bringing the show back! #resurrectbetteroffted #BetterOffTed
And to make sure full news is reported… Trump _did_ have his hand over his heart up until the casket/flag passed while everyone else in the Cathedral kept theirs up until the casket was at rest (protocol). Via -
This is the biggest thing that has helped me with #remotework over the last 6 years. We also at put a heavy emphasis on "Donut Meetups" where we take 30 mins out of a day and have a quick video call with 2 other randomly-selected teammates.
The "Suggested" algorithm at is suggesting Warner Bros Pictures and DC Comics when viewing the page... Me thinks they don't know me too well...
#imnotcryingyouare at the #AvengersEndGame trailer... Why must we wait sooooo long?
It’s quite a monument, with an entire city block holding these “crypts” of varying sizes. Auschwitz is worth it if you’re in Southern Poland, but at least a day’s travel to get there, visit, recover, then head back
I’ve been to Auschwitz 3 times… and each time it breaks me. Earlier this year in Berlin I hit up the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe museum there and it was very impactful. #NeverForget
Happy Birthday!!!!
Totally agree… heck back in the early days of mobile it was the “kiddies” who were pushing things forward, finding hacks, creating apps, finding bugs (and fixing them before the OEMs), etc.
RT Well then, let’s help with that marketing! Retweet this, y’all!
RT Follow me on a journey to use to manage a collection of secure API endpoints with
So proud of you Russell! This is a great accomplishment and takes a LOT of commitment and willpower!
This is a fantastic move forward for #opensource , and
RT . now allows you to integrate forms with your favorite apps 📝🛠️
Gamification at its finest! Well-played
RT Latest Blog Post: Stop Calling Your APIs Microservices by
AMAZING!
Yeah, highly agree. RIP.
10x devs only need their settings
RT Woman: What are you gonna call it? Man: The sperm whale. Woman: Uh huh and this one? Man: The titmouse. Woman: Oh…
RT who's getting excited?
Yeah, that whole tweet reads like some serious entitlement and bullshit energy
I mean, it is cheaper
I mean, if one of those were to make their way over to me I wouldn't kick it out
RT This had me LOLing so loudly!!
Have you voted for my proposals to speak at #ConFoo 2024 yet? 😁
Ahh, memories
RT Gen. Mark Milley: "We don't take an oath to a king, or queen, or a tyrant or a dictator. And we don't take an oath to a wa…
Pinging /
RT Taylor please contribute to open source projects 👀💻
Put the year you turned 10 into the GIF bar and see what was popular then.
RT kitchens are the worst room to be haunted who knows what the ghosts are doing to your food while you sleep puttin their…
Today's Image of the Day: OSIRIS-REx Sample Return Capsule Lands in the Utah Desert -
As #CFP season begins, some good advice
. STAR is the industry’s most powerful program for security assurance in the cloud. has achieved the highest level of Gold for the Level 2 audit!
Forget about my morning... My desire to have more food has been seriously curtailed. My non-existent diet thanks you.
RT Registration for #CFSummit North America is now open. Here's your last chance to get a great deal on a "must attend" e…
Oh? Planning a migration are we? Did one earlier this year... Couldn't get out of our old, stain of a platform fast enough!
Oh the #WarOnChristmas is real... And has chosen sides.... #WinterIsHere
What do you think ? #SeemsEasy
I bookmark them... Doesn't mean I go back to them.. But I bookmark them
These are absolutely spot on...
#RIPGeorgeHWBush
Going out on a limb here - when you become a blowhard about football players kneeling during the National Anthem, but you're the LONE person _NOT_ showing respect to the flag &amp; a former President (&amp; soldier) maybe it isn't about the kneeling?
RT 🚀Check out "Stack Decisions" on an easy way to share why you chose the tools in your stack 👉🏾
Of course - just doing me duty! =)
Great summary from of his closing keynote at #devrelcon Sympathy for the #DevRel
President Bush was awesome! #RIPGeorgeHWBush
Way to embrace it! #rcjh
#alicethebeagle chilling while we watch
#soon #RockChalk #rcjh
Good analysis and conjecture around where Google is likely taking Hangouts... RCS is where the future lies, and has for awhile.
They aren't a major hardware OEM however their phones do set the bar for the Android Community, so makes sense to include them. HTC hasn't been in those ranks for awhile, which is sad IMHO because for the most part I think HTC has had solid phones, just lacked the community.
Not surprising since the official requirement of "4G" from ITU-R was "connection speeds need to have a peak of at least 100 megabits per second, and for more stationary uses such as mobile hot spots, at least 1 gigabit per second" and very few ever reached afaik.
Where was said form? None seem to work?
Same here.. but then they shut down the form/process saying they were evaluating how to verify (Nazis maybe?) and that when they had that figured out they would share... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
RT Wow! Next time someone calls for international men’s day this is Exhibit A. And don’t try telling me women just don’t want…
Seen in a bathroom in #Vancouver.. for those moments when you really need to bear down...
#remotework Advantage #1001 - you control whether or not Christmas music plays 6 weeks before the 2 weeks it should be allowed to
I totally agree btw.. I have been guilty of this, and it's one of the reasons I moved to the Fitbit Charge 2...
RT #Marriott 🏨 says information of as many as 500M hotel guests has been compromised in massive #DataBreach 🔓 Here are five steps…
How will I know the difference? can you help me understand?
Man, that trade war.. so much winning! Please make it stop!
RT 📈'Scot-free': completely free from obligation, harm, or penalty 'Scott Free': some guy, probably
Watching #Ted ( for the first time while on got me laughing out loud and I don't care.
RT The key to building a community is building *momentum*. If you see a bustling restaurant with a table free, you want to go i…
Continually the laughingstock....
Way to go
Agreed! One of the driving forces for #DevRel is telling stories, and things you know/have experienced are great launching points!
RT A QA engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 99999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers…
It'll let me set if alarms and reminders pass through DND... Plus I can set multiple rules depending on days of the week, etc. 💪
The focus of Mission API seems good, just not my focus right now not anything I probably would speak on. It's the first event (I think) so there's that as well
Probably not Mission API...
Or use a phone which recognises that Alarms can override DND and gives you the choice. Or use an external alarm.
My plans are SF and London this next year... Maybe Tokyo?
This is me.
#RIPPresidentBush
RT Content is key for building communities. Create an editorial plan that combines a multi-media approach (articles, video, aud…
This, so much this!
RT The EU is free trade. The EU is free movement. The EU is free healthcare when you travel. These things literally are "freedo…
Congrats! Get away! Turn off work profiles on the phones, and enjoy!
RT If you want to participate in the Node.js community, come join a meeting! You can find all of the Node.js community meetings in…
Hot take: 1) No pause about the dirty work question... 2) Am I the only one wondering what was this favor Cohen did for Trump a looooong time ago (which admittedly with this President time is not something he knows about) that would cause this to be the answer to the question?
What he did there, I see it!
#RIPPresidentBush
RT We've received over seventy talk proposals for !!Con West so far! 💚 Have you submitted yours yet? ⌛️ You have until Fr…
Have contemplated it...
Turn the glass upside down? But yeah... Keep plugging away. View the progress as positive.
Feel free to DM me with any questions
You should look at what we are hiring for at as Engineering management is one afaik.
This book covers _everything_ that was finally admitted to by Cohen, _and_ is from public information freely available. And there's more!
RT Next Tuesday join and myself talking about chat and identity with Chatkit and at the online meetup 🚀…
But, you know, her emails.... /smh
Sure I was speaking about the LukeCage and the others all getting cancelled...
More to do with Disney and their new streaming service
RT We're looking for developers who have not set up before to participate in a product research initiative (1h, rem…
LET'S GO !!! #ClaimTheCup
Stop calling it a "perjury trap" - he's lied; everyone knows he's a liar; and you have no fear of committing perjury if you, let me see... I've got it somewhere... oh yeah - tell the truth. Period. Case closed.
Mr. Gates hitting it out of the park again!
I couldn't ask for a better #community team here at
That feeling when you run into 2 actors in shows you watch in the hotel you're staying in, and you say you loved their work in X show, but can't remember the character until _after_ they walk away...
One of the advantages of #remotework is getting together with your team to strategise, play, and share meals. So happy to be a part of this team!
RT 🗣 "The continued support of and the addition of Fujita-san to our team provides a great foundation for us to really sp…
Tech conferences, pay attention to this thread
RT We cannot have a successful tech community without innovation. This does not mean more tools solving the same problems, bu…
So what you're saying is, procrastination is a process completion step?
Autotrader Australia was able to go to market with a premium consumer experience in days by partnering with Auth0.
RT Three of my clients, and are hiring community leadership roles (Community Director,…
Not so sure he is? 😃
I imagine so... I look forward to the planning and UAT calls
Great job on the #hacktoberfest shirt! Can't wait for next year! (h/t
Whatever could it be....
Follows the slippery slope that was the scratch 'n sniff sticker
And I am certain they'd give me a portion of the proceeds for suggesting such a thing
You can have both - they aren't mutually exclusive - and I would say the statement reflects more on their biases than it does on the truth of the matter.
Thanks! I figure, showering is mostly for social convention, right? And until adds a "smell" plugin, I think I'm safe!
RT It’s a fun play-on-words that has become an analogy of the value of Developer Relations 😊
Thankful for working at a company who values remote working, and the benefits they bring - even these you don't often think about!
All companies at conferences need to read this thread
AHH those were the days.
The has everything for your viewing enjoyment.
Auth0 CISO offers advice for recruiting IT talent and increasing diversity in the security industry on
RT "People still confuse a community initiative with a technical deployment or launch. Communities don’t launch, they grow." G…
RT I never thought I’d see the day a White House would moonlight as a public relations firm for the Crown Prince of Saudi Ar…
Loving my #hacktoberfest shirt... Well done on the design!
"It is a well-known fact that those people who most want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job." -Douglas Adams
Me thinks the could save some money and be better stewards of nature by not sending out these magazines twice a year, and instead produce digital copies or a website/blog post? I mean e-zines used to be a thing... Just seems a tremendous waste.
RT As open organizations are more associate-centric than leader-centric, permission needn't come "from the top" as much as it do…
RT Do I know any junior #devrel peeps? I know many that are speaking but if you are also secretly loving the idea of devr…
Some good thoughts on #devrel... "To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity." -Douglas Adams
Instead devs want to know you have good docs, good APIs, good support, etc and then want to be left alone until they can engage on their terms. Which comes back to my mantra right now, "Developers don't care that you know until they know that you care." (2/2)
So my take is developers by far have been over-marketed to such that traditional marketing techniques don't work for them, but work for those who will "swipe the card" which is why that marketing is still valuable. (1/2)
RT Often the first stab at a question is just a light tap, barely enough to break the shell. If you want to break through to t…
RT From GitOps to Adaptable CI/CD Patterns for Kubernetes At Scale #Kubernetes
Well there go my talking points for Thanksgiving dinner...
RT 👩🏼‍💻🎭🎶 I get a lot of inbound inquiries about how I made my transition from theatre to eng/advice for folks from a non-tra…
RT I’d be willing to pay a few more cents at the pump if it meant my President would condemn the butchering of a US resident…
"Libby Boxes", as mentioned in #DevRel book, for helping "illustrate the relationship between the strategic objectives you're trying to achieve and the incentives (or levers) you use to reach those goals."
RT Check out 's article in about Node.js being everywhere with environment variables. #NodeJS #jsfoundation #node
. getting a bit salty this holiday season.
Ah... Kansas.
RT This includes the #DevRelbook! 😁 Enjoy! 🥑
"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." -Douglas Adams
Breakfast, swedish meatballs, and the cinnamon rolls (the order changes depending on my food mood) are what take me to Ikea...
Immediately relevant while planning Thanksgiving turkey...
Pro tip: If you're reading "Business Value of Developer Relations" you can find all the links here instead of having to type them all in..
Sure. I'll send you my frequent flier account... Or Zoom it
It's easy peasy... Especially if you're using a static site... I mean it's difficult and lunch is required
I'm in on that lunch business...
We currently have netlify as our testing on DevRelCollective and I've suggested a few times to use it for our deploy instead of GitHub pages...
RT The OpenShift ecosystem, driven by open development, means continuous innovation which is a win-win for all in the community; d…
If it is a Jekyll site you can see what I did with Evangelist Collective to redirect it to DevRel Collective
I'm getting tired of us having to say "this is a new low" all the time... It's not a national game of "How Low Can You Go?" for crying out loud.
RT The practical guide for going serverless; what to know and best practices.
Lol!
A group of #devrel professionals all on stage.. I would think #broadway would be calling after
RT You want to stay relevant as a software developer for the next 10 years? These are 3 major things you should focus on:…
RT The entire Republican Party is now attacking a war hero battling leukemia. Have you no shame.
Or steep it in the whiskey....
RT Die Hard would have been a more realistic Christmas movie if everyone was being held hostage emotionally.
Depends... Are those away goals in a two-leg series?
"Oh, you mean _this_ gate key!?!"
So in other words, a terrorist cell sting.
RT It’s not really about the clothes. It’s never, really, about the clothes. on how Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s p…
In probably the greatest promo video of all time, teases the next chapter... "We Are NASA" -
RT Here's our piece from last night on the rise of Authoritarianism around the world...
RT On this day in 1863, Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous Gettysburg Address at the Soldiers' National Cemetery in Gettysbur…
RT I’m giving a talk on how to take photos at Droidcon SF on Monday at 3pm. If you’re going to attend, what would you like to l…
And maybe restore some integrity to the office while they're at it #ksleg
RT #cascadiajs I coded every night after work, and tweeted my progress. Did 100 days of code. Got support on tw…
I was reminded today of and the brilliance that it was, and still is. If you haven't seen it, find some way to watch it via Hulu.
Now you're speaking me language...
Something in the vein of "Jabberwocky" episode from
I'm in.
Fail with Was supposed to be a comment to this
What? No. Just no.
An easy way to contribute to a good cause this holiday season
Well ok then...
There is a cure for data breaches! Learn how #IdentityManagement can prevent security breaches and drive revenue and innovation in the #healthcare space.
Hitchhiker's Guide...? Do we need to re-examine your nerd/geek cred?
When in High School Forensics I did a dramatic duo of the Battle of the Wits from #ThePrincessBride - one of my favourite memories to this day. Loved that book and it's hilarious to this day when people still think it's an adaptation of S. Morgenstern's classic
#RIPWilliamGoldman
Or #RedRisingSeries
You could start the series #harrydresden
Yep. That is a good episode but the next one is probably my favorite of this current series/season
RT Love it or hate it, You’re making the most (public, private &amp; org) repos in JavaScript. 👩‍💻 Second most? Java. 👨‍💻 You make t…
Oh this is solid gold and touches so many groups! #popcorn
Australian company found in a partner who could handle their security requirements while matching their drive to continually innovate for customer ease.
I've yet to watch the show... Need to add it to my list
No, it is normal practice and procedure with any provider.
Well yeah! The pup has good taste!
RT Happy Friday! Start your weekend off right with this in-depth AfterPulse episode with &amp;amp; chatting about the recent Codes of Conduct conversation that Jason hosted.
Belated congrats brother! She is beautiful! And the journey begins!
I moved your post to your already existing topic. We will get a reply in there, but to answer your question, you're using a third-party and as with anything (like GitHub or Facebook login) you need to select it in order to proceed.
And they even used real-world stuff like #SuperSU from
#WilliamGoldmanRIP
He's trying to tweet... Give him some privacy!
RT Kids everywhere learned an awesome and cool lesson today: if you purge 1.5 million votes, you too can ”win” a Georgia Gubernat…
RT "There must be decorum at the White House."
RT Postman is excited to announce that you can now find and replace text, code, and variables within the Postman app! Learn…
If you're even thinking about #devrel in your company, you need this book.
This is how Congress, and the Country, begin to change when their collective memberships are made up of the actual people they represent. Exciting times.
That's the worst... Christmas music shouldn't be played until _maybe_ a week before, and definitely not in Lyft vehicles
Believe it or not, neither did I!
I guess bipartisanship was just an empty desire by McConnell
RT There is genuinely good work happening w/ and GitHub automation. Just looking at the set of featured apps, apparen…
If they had been transparent about it being the last one, they would have had the biggest attendance and gone out with a bang.
RT It's been a memorable #MLSCupPlayoffs - and we're not done yet. RT to win this team-signed #ClaimTheCup poster!
Ahh that was a great, last #babbq
Four key reasons why cloud solutions are critical for #healthcare organizations. via
Oh yeah, I know this one.
Oh ffs...
RT There's basically two sides in America now: One that wants to burn books, arrest women, defund the FBI, abolish federal ag…
RT The GOP debate is an off-putting freak-off because people nobody likes are bad at knowing what people like.
Ahh, Yes, some of their items are that way. I've also used RushOrderTees for the fast stuff with lower minimums
A is opening less than 10min from my house. Well weight loss, it was nice knowing ya.
CustomInk is probably the better option, or the one I have had the most success with
Queue the "Carabao Cup doesn't really matter anyways" excuses
RT Driving the global conversation about “Open Source AI”
I echo this James. Thank you for being open and sharing what you went through. 🫂
Yeah I agree with Tim...
Tennessee "BBQ" ?
RT 🍂The leaves are falling and PRs are calling! #Hacktoberfest is almost here, but before we drown our dear maintainers in…
RT We are hearing about Amazon #CodeCatalyst from at our #DevOps KC September meetup
RT Just a few more hours until our September #DevOps KC meetup! Who all are we going to see there? RSVP 👇
YESSS
It's funny that the redirects to twitter, not the other way around
Today's Image of the Day: A Leisurely Swim -
Today's Image of the Day: OSIRIS-REx Sample Return Capsule Lands in the Utah Desert -
Congrats! You're joining some good people over there! Say hi to my dude
This is a really good step... "The next version of HTTP won’t be using TCP" -
Great thread from on priorities and making decisions for yourself in #devrel
Considering he was captain 23 times previously... Has scored more goals for England than any other, 2nd most caps for country, it makes sense I would think... However it looks like Delph is captain for the tribute match
Of course. He could be Speaker but would not make it back to the Presidency.
No.... He's earned the cap if you ask me
This is so completely out of the norm for any conference I have ever been to or spoken at, especially one which receives a tremendous amount of sponsorship money. Many people speak on their own time and not at the behest of their company. Requiring they ask to be comped is wrong.
Thing is - I think they went willingly
How great if the chose Obama as Speaker of the House... 😀😂🤣
Quick notes from one of my favourite talks at #DevRelCon given by
Can there be anything better than cold, homemade lasagna? Maybe pizza, but that's a tight race...
#NextDevRelHappyHourActivity
RT Great example article that teaches customers all the considerations they need to take into account for a buy or build ques…
RT We sat down with Chief of Staff at to discuss how he rolled out Objective and Key Results (OKRs) and t…
Towels are the best. Thanks!
You're the one posting a single word
Yes.....
from the other side
Had the same response _every time_ over the last 2 years that our kids have had the drills where they're taught things like throwing chairs at the shooter.
The fact that this is the new reality is perhaps the biggest indictment of our current society.
You could of course use the in-screen fingerprint sensor.. oh right.. you said iPhone XR not the #oneplus6t
RT Every developer and DevRel I know has/does suffer from impostor syndrome. They’re people who have built some of the most u…
So sorry to hear this Emily! 😢😭😭
I've been to Auschwitz, 3 times in fact, and what these kids (and the school administration that looks the other way) are doing is unconscionable.
This only works until they have a concept of how much they brought home vs how much is left. Or until they're in College. Depends on the kid.
You always give them a few when they come home, and then say you need to sort them while they go to bed. Then you take out all the good stuff and condense theirs into one bag. #ParentingTip
This is just disgusting on so many levels.
I've successfully used reminders in Slack, as well as using Google Assistant to set a reminder on others.
#RIPStanLee
RT Microsoft releases a new update to the .NET Standard, with new concepts implemented over the past year since .NET Standard 2.0…
Yeah it will start to get covered up soon me thinks
This is my Kansas. "Nothing happens by accident. Every drop of decency is fought for." #ksleg
Bingo!
Can you spot the other one?
Wife: looks like a decal machine puked on your laptop case. Me: Yes!!!! #devrel #swag
Which says a lot about you ye olde Scot
Which means you're well on your way to Boris Johnson. But thanks for your well-intentioned (?) birthday wishes
Thanks mate!
Yet another reason to visit!
Of course there would be a logical explanation...
Um why is this even a thing? Who asks, "You know, I wonder how many mosquitoes we can squish together?"
A picture which perfectly illustrates the British queue...
RT To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service an…
Or 40... I prefer feeling like I'm in England more often than not 🤷‍♂️
On #VeteransDay I say thank you, and #NeverForget
I always have to bring a little bit of England back with me to last me until I can return
RT Auth0 CEO and Co Founder shares advice on how to prevent an "identity crisis" in #APAC 🌏, the world's fastest-grow…
RT This article on looks at latency performance in and among public clouds. Until there are cloud DCs everywhere, y…
RT A lot of people have work stuff that is one hour away and they all have to show up.
Conference T-shirts
Yeah they're staying in their lane
And then it was totally appropriate, right?
RT As a Trauma Surgeon and survivor of #GunViolence I cannot believe the audacity of the to make such a divisive statem…
Perfect time for a #doctorwho gif...
Goodbye to all the #DevRel people I reconnected with like we'd never been apart, and to all those I met new at #devrelcon and #APITheDocs. Until we meet again....
RT Thank you to everyone who was part of an amazing #DevRelCon London this week! Our speakers, sponsors, organising team an…
Thread of all real things Whitaker has done written in the form of sattire...
Heh yeah they seem to have opinions
RT Between privacy settings, mailing lists, App Store links, cookie settings and ads, I don’t think I’ve seen actual website…
RT President Trump and Florida Gov. Rick Scott are both spreading claims of voter fraud as ballots continue to be counted in…
Kansas City represent &lt;/smh&gt;
Good background thread on Sessions' temporary replacement... How long do you think his permanent nomination will take?
RT Sarah Sanders posted an edited video from Infowars' Paul Joseph Watson to support her false allegation that "placed hi…
RT 🙏🙏🙏
#DevRelCon withdrawal as a service?
"Whatever DevPortal you investigate should be able to replicate the API Docs equivalent of 'Hello World' in less than 20min" - at #APITheDocs
At #APITheDocs is talking about Content Strategy and DevPortals, and choosing the right journey for the developer
Old #AndroidStudio is old
As American's, one of our foundational rights is to be able to vote. As a Republic, we give our voice to Congress. The only way to make sure they are kept in check and actually do the will of the People is that everyone eligible to vote does so. Every time.
RT 1) Took Sarah Sanders' video of briefing 2) Tinted red and made transparent over CSPAN video 3) Red motion is…
Yeah my stupid Twitter skills.. was singing superbly instead of you
RT Remember, a few hours of trial and error can save you several minutes of looking at the README.
#DevRelCon is over until next time
When you find your #towelbirthday #devrel friends in one spot, you take a selfie. #DevRelCon ( / )
This idea blows away pumpkin spice as a thing...
RT The good old #DevRelCon tradition - post-conf karaoke with doing #community with sing…
What should now be a staple going forward, and singing "Take on Me" #karaoke at #DevRelCon
You're not here... Explicit permission granted by your coworkers
#DevRelCon
What am I missing?
What a 29yo #devrel #avocado looks like after a few years in DevRel... (courtesy of at #DevRelCon )
"Take time to celebrate your #community" , "encourage diversity" and "be inclusive &amp; create a safe space" - great points from and Mean Girls and what it taught us about community #DevRelCon
Sadly, we have too many people to convince that Die Hard is a Christmas movie.
One of the best Christmas movies of all time. Along with Die Hard.
Thoughts and prayers
"How to drive #devrel strategy with OKRs depends on defining the key results, hooking them to the goals of the CEO/Company, and be dependent on something that you do." - #DevRelCon
Yep, his very recognisable head is there.
"Taking a project / role / responsibility, handing it off to someone else, and how to do so correctly" with and at #DevRelCon
"DevRel needs to be more collaborative and participatory in building beneficial relationships with colleagues inside the company." - #DevRelCon #devadvocacy
"Developers are always learning" - #DevRelCon
"..of the choices they've made. The key strength we have is we're able to be a key advocate for the values of the software and company in the real world, and it's not just another SDK/forum/tool - but something being created by a group of people who care." [3/3] -
"I think that the #devrel profession focuses on `the approval economy`, creating a space, a product, an area to gather knowledge that makes people feel good about being there, who look at that &amp; see that they are participating in this area and will approve.." [2/3]
From at #devrelcon "One of the reasons we still have the debate about `#devrel not being marketing` is that traditional marketing focuses on `the attention economy`, getting somebody to actually pay attention to know your stuff exists..." [1/3]
"empathy can be a learned response and triggered" - at #DevRelCon
RT Facts about Bletchley Park from who started the campaign to save it from irreparable decay #DevRelCon
Kicking off #devrelcon is with "If I can do it, so can you" about her journey to #devrel #techevangelism
I might be interested in exchanging swag........
Would be nice... But it hasn't shipped yet! Instead it is the #Hacktoberfest 👕
You're missing from Kansas, who's not only openly LGBTQ but also Native American, joining
But first, Indian food.
Great first day of #devrelcon, rekindling old friendships and making new ones. Ready for Day 2.
RT so far I’m 3/3 for doing escape rooms with when we’re in the same location. today, we brought along
RT The media is not the enemy of the people. The freedom of the press is protected by the Constitution. Presidents never enjoy po…
RT President Trump is doing what every aspiring despot must do: purge law enforcement of independent officials and investig…
RT Now Hiring at Auth0 - 6 * Developer Experience roles. Fully remote available. Hit us up. #devrelcon
RT "I made a mistake in my commit, how do I fix it? My commit history is a mess, how do I make it neater? If you have e…
Largest collection of #devrel #avocado happening now at #DevRelCon in the streets of London due to fire drill
"Expert in #drivebyDelegation" should be added to your LinkedIn profile by the end of the week. #KPI_Number2
I could blame but #DevRelCon rocks already.
When #devrel #avocado gather at #devrelcon....
Congrats Chloe! Well-deserved and a fantastic move for you! Can't wait to see all the awesome 🥑 things you're going to do as a member of . #devrelcollective
RT Join us tomorrow for a new Auth0 Online Meetup 🛰 In this episode, guest speaker will explain everything about #SAML 2.0…
TIL Australia lost the Great Emu War (h/t: )
#Kangoaroos2Cambodia
Thanks go to and for joining to talk about the and programs
Good podcast from on #community and the importance for your brand with "Build Something People Care Enough to Get Angry About"
I wish I could get one...
At the #algoliacommunityparty is kicking things off at the space
It's almost like they're engaged in good ol' fashioned fear-mongering... 🙄🤔
That's been the rub, I haven't stayed over a weekend yet but will let you know when I do.
I go to Bellevue every once in awhile with work as our main offices are there.
RT Today we launch Pecan Resist! This flavor supports groups creating a more just and equitable nation for us all, and who a…
[Bookmarking for near-future use]
Found in our offices in London... #coffeeDrivenAuth
Friends also tell their friends to enable 2FA/MFA and utilise passwordless wherever possible.
In my opinion, this isn't news. It would be news to me if this _didnt_ happen at least once during each horse race in Kentucky. This guy knows how to spice up the sport! "Breeders' Cup: Man arrested for drunkenly riding horse"
I can confirm this as a delicious side effect.
On November 8, Steven Rees-Pullman, Managing Director for EMEA, will be answering the big questions around Digital Identity.
This is HUGE!!!! The team is rocking!
This was so clearly an offsides goal with the entire front line of Bournemouth offsides... As much as I am not a huge fan of VAR, it would have reversed that goal
It is almost as if the GOP is afraid of losing...
RT Passionate about 🛠 Tools, 🤖 Automation, and 📈 Productivity? I'm hiring for our Internal Tools team 👉 Senior Sof…
#Vote
RT GitLab #UX Manager shares her thoughts on designing for developers:
RT Come join us for 🍻 and 🍕 this Tuesday (6 November) in our new #London office 🏢 !!! We'll be celebrating Chatkit's launch and ta…
The "Follow My Delivery" from is great and all, but when you see on the map your driver has been in the same parking lot for almost an hour, and you know that parking lot and the food options there, I feel like this...
Interesting what happens when you approach a situation with humanity and calmness instead of one of aggression to match the aggression.
Interesting... #HitchhikersGuideReference ftw
Random question: How much of our perception of what is funny has been influenced by the sitcom laugh track?
It's worth a shot... Of course this philosophy of his doesn't work in the real world...
In his own words...
RT The key to building a community is building *momentum*. If you see a bustling restaurant with a table free, you want to go i…
RT While and raise the bar on security practices 💪, the U.S. State Department fails to protect its user data. Wh…
Create React App 2.0 new features and updates explained via
We review the main security threats affecting web apps via the Top 10
RT This is a blatantly unconstitutional attempt to fan the flames of anti-immigrant hatred in the days ahead of the midterms. The 1…
I know of a few people who could stand to read this, probably for the first time!
This is probably the _BEST_ costume I have seen in a long time!
#futureCountryGoalsThatShouldHaveAlreadyBeenAThing
RT
RT Once you know how identity works, it's hard to remember how hard things are when as a non-expert you just want to get the job…
bringing the news and the truth to #FoxNews... If only the rest of Fox would follow suit.
&lt;/insert Jackie Chan lolwut gif here&gt; "FCC Republican claims municipal broadband is threat to First Amendment"
. getting ready for our Kansas Class 6A Quarterfinal battle against Olathe East. #GoCougars
Completely agree here, and a sentiment echoed by my kids. #DoctorWho is on point this series.
RT Next Tuesday join us for a meetup about Realtime #Chat with Pusher Chatkit &amp; with and speaking! ht…
RT We are exploring doing a Bad Voltage Live show at in March 2019 (it will be one of the main evening events).…
Interesting option for the #OnePlus6T on #TMobile
This is a great step for and one which should pay dividends in the US, assuming the price at isn't ridiculous
At the core of the "Rel" in #DevRel is this... Building relationships with developers requires, as a core tenant, the mantra "Developers don't care that you know, until they know you care."
Great words shared on Sunday - but we need to remember these each day for the rest of our lives.
Thing is, all you need here is a birth certificate &amp; only one parent's name need be on it. The bigger issue here is his thinking he can just do what he wants with an executice order (not to mention the lie or ignorance that we are the only country with birthright citizenship).
If true, and not just Trump spinning up his base before the midterms, it's a clear violation of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution and he can't do it. But leave it to him to try...
RT Why do we as a society think it’s important for politicians to not inflame passions among their supporters with demonizing…
RT RedHat is being acquired by IBM in the largest software company acquisition to date. Open source software company value has rea…
Not too late to get signed up!
This.
Please provide a bit of context here... It makes absolutely no sense at all.
Yes let's get to the real meat of the issue...
The first 2 minutes have me in stitches every time.
If you're in town for #devrelcon why not come on by the offices Nov 6 and join and me for some food, drinks, networking, and learning?
Hey look! That's my company! Come join us, and if you have questions my DMs are open
Only a matter of time until she starts replying with hashtags and with descriptions of memes.
However you have the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything ready to hit your bank account... That's got to count for something.
The same, except less pumpkin.
No.
The blog article gives some details but any contribution to our repos qualifies for special Auth0 swag _in addition_ to what #Hacktoberfest Team provides!
RT Imagine how much more advanced society would be today if women, who comprise half the world’s brain power, were socially &amp; i…
RT hate to break this to you Clay, but I don’t think Taylor Swift is dating a Trump supporter
RT He scored a touchdown today in a 41-10 win and left the game with Taylor Swift. Seems to be doing ok.
Watching "Can't Hardly Wait* for the first time in what might be the last two decades, and hit with such nostalgia as 's "Open Road Song" starts up ... Fucking love the movie soundtrack and this album
Yep, 100% at the core of our nation 😢😡🤬
RT This is just a masterpiece of projection and lunacy.
RT TODAY WE SAY GOODBYE to a Footballing Icon. One of the few 🇺🇸⚽️ players who have transcended the sport to find a place in…
While I'm gutted that in the year of our Lord 2023 we still can't have vaccine-powered 5G, I will be getting mine on Monday, and will report back.
“Never half-ass two things, full-ass one thing.” -Ron Swanson
This just cost me $12.52 at MSP airport. This is why Americans think the economy is terrible. They couldn't even fill the bag!
In all fairness, the Mail stopped being journalism years ago
Today's Image of the Day: Seeing New Zealand From a New Perspective -
Congrats Sarah! That's great news!
Had an awesome week at #OSSummit EU. Thank you and already looking forward to next year's #OSSummitEU in Vienna!
This sign at Schipol is going through some things
Yep, Archive ftw... It'll all resurface if it's needed 😜
OH: I've had so much meat, I'm stuffed
OH: Don't just stare at it, eat it!
RT is this $28bn that Cisco is giving Splunk to buy them, or just renew their license for the year?
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Astronauts Complete Day of Launch Dry Run for Moon Mission -
Oh it's amazing. It works pretty well, with some nice integration between the two. Let me know if you want to review ways to extend.
RT A devastating article: "Every single one of them bears some responsibility for what followed. Their condemnations of an…
We didn't want to say anything... But at least he's the most cared for skeleton since those in the closets of our politicians
Wow... Congrats to my friends!
RT You can’t create a company culture. A culture always exists, even before a company is officially formed. You can only adjus…
RT #CyberSecurityAwarenessMonth isn’t over yet! Today, security expert 👮🏻‍♂️ delves into #CredentialStuffing and sho…
RT Donald Trump just said the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting has little to do with gun laws and if they’d had “protection,”…
RT Again, to me this photo is the spirit of Pittsburgh- with a broken heart today for those in Squirrel Hill ... Hanx
Yes, that's right. Here in Kansas we have a man running for Governor who was held in contempt of court for spewing lies &amp; deliberately keeping people who were legally able to vote from doing so _AND_ who was told by that same judge that he needed to go back to law school. #ksleg
Yes it does. Has all sorts of potential
RT I am heartsick for the victims and families of those killed in Pittsburgh, for the members of Tree of Life Synagogue, a…
Considering where we already stand with having heavily defunded schools (along with a #ksleg that was reprimanded by the KS Supreme Court around the school budget) and infrastructure as part of the Brownback experiment, we don't need it back.
Yvonne Wilson, Director of Strategic Operations and Technical Field Enablement, walk us through creating a realistic project plan to have a successful #IdentityManagement project deployment.
Regular water tastes better than all but one La Croix... Passion Fruit.
Matrix Revolutions is a fantastic, deep, theological movie.
That's such a tough call depending totally on the makeup (whether single-origin or a blend) and the region/varietal of the bean(s). That being said I have had some fantastic single-origin espressos.
Yes, but would they notice?
Just hearing about Learning Lab - this is a fantastic tool for anyone to brush up on, or learn new, ways of working with GitHub
RT Download HTTPS Everywhere and make sure no encrypted connections slip through the cracks.
Brownback, as a government official, treads very difficult ethics grounds (which oddly enough, we've seen way too many ethics violations the last 2 years) if he endorses Kobach - and his office has declined to comment to the Implication would be he does support
Every living, former elected Governor in Kansas (Republican and Democrat) supporting Kelly, except for Brownback. I can't remember the last time in Kansas that a former Gov crossed party lines to endorse the other party - but it's happening. Should be a clue #ksleg
#ChiefsKingdom
An overview of the top open standards used for identity: OAuth2, OpenID Connect, JWT, and SAML.
RT Encryption, one of the cornerstones of modern information security, is apparently fake news.
RT I hope someone records the last unbleached coral reef in 8k UHD so our kids can get a chance to see it
Animal shelters? That way you bring some good!
You're better off setting your sights a bit lower.
Hmm... Don't quit your day job.
Unreal!
I voted. If you ever follow my example, may it be this election. #Vote
The first time in awhile that I have missed #DroidconUK - and already feeling it... Good luck to and ! And if anyone wants to grab some swag for me... My DMs are open! 😃
RT "I can and I will" were the first words that started path into coding. Get to know her story and how she became pa…
Learn what RBAC is, what makes it a better strategy, and how you can implement it in #Reactjs applications.
There's still time to participate in #Hacktoberfest! Don't miss the fun! #auth0OSS
RT October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month 🗓! Let's celebrate by reviewing the TOP 10 to remind ourselves of how w…
RT On this day in American history...the most extensive plot to kill senior US government officials and prominent Americans in…
Senator, as a Kansan I applaud your words. But words without action aren't worth the medium they're contained on/in. Hold accountable, as is your responsibility as a Congressman, he who foments this violence under 18 U.S. Code § 2101.
Service Level Uvula
RT This free ebook delves into the advantages of using #NGINX native capabilities in an API gateway. It shows you, step-by-step, ho…
So is it just me, or does everyone get a little hyped up and start mouthing the words (or outright singing outloud - #notjudging) whenever this song comes on your work mix? "Tubthumping"
RT Voter fraud is a myth perpetrated by white supremacists to maintain their hold on power in the face of a changing populat…
Mr here wins the internet.
Great podcast from about "RelationshipsIRL" - as community builders we often forget about our own, personal communities.
A fellow #devrel #avocado ( ) just released this free book on #serverless #DevOps! Do him a solid and check it out!
RT Douglas Adams said the way to write #DoctorWho was to make it complicated enough to hold children’s attention but simp…
I so want one... Just not ready to spend that bank
Those feels when #RosaParks reveals her name in this week's #DoctorWho - love where is going this season
RT . returned for its 5th year 🎊. Here is a recap of the conference, including identity talk, and the…
RT Friends, give yourself a round of applause if you *don't* write code, but contribute in any of the many other ways that help…
When you turned 30
That's great... But actions speak louder than words... Meaning I doubt nothing will happen and this means nothing.
This is my normal. #lovethatloneseatatthebar
Sure... But does it still stink?
It's a new offline alert.
Oh I don't know... Sounds kinda exhausting...
RT A few tickets remain for tonight, Overland Park. Come!
RT Install the following tools and frameworks: - Node.js 8.10 or above - MySQL - Visual Studio Code (preferred) or any c…
#alicethebeagle is ready to dive into 's #devrel book! You can order for yourself and join me!
And we are ready and waiting!
RT Banksy's self-destroying painting didn't actually go as planned — here's what should've happened
#OpenSource #exfat
Easy Ways to Build a Better P
If anyone at #SIGNALConf #signalbash had the video of me playing with please send me DM
. is one of the top 10 highest-valued startups in the Seattle area!
Here at #SIGNALConf where is talking about Keeping Your Brand Relevant
Fantastic session at #SIGNALConf on "Ethical Implications of Growing Technology Takeover" with 's , 's , and 's #DiversityandInclusion #ethics
What's sad is the rhetoric is not just in the US... It's popping up all over the world
RT Unify the GitHub experience across any type of deploy 🚢 Bring the power of the Open Source community to your workplace 🌟 And…
#VoteNovember6th
RT Introducing the Auth0 Meet the Experts interview series 🌟 First up, skilled Senior Solutions Architect explains how a…
Growing up in the GOP sub-culture I remember vividly how Newt fomented the rhetoric (I even remember spouting it myself) and how conservativism grew toxic. I even bought a GOP hat and shirt and listened to Limbaugh nonstop. I lived this.
RT Understanding promises in JavaScript
The definition of data and security breaches have evolved over time. What is a data breach? Learn about its modern meaning in today's complex threat environments.
RT We are thrilled! Auth0 has been recognized by among the 25 Next Billion-Dollar Startups 🦄 → #N…
RT A Unix Shell poster from 1983
RT Did you know the reg in regex stands for regret?
A LONG, but interesting, thread as a retrospective on the inner workings of Google+
Gief me now!!! Also, woohoo! If you haven't already looked into this #devrel book, make it happen.
Trying to figure out what that is at 1:00 on the video
RT A gentle introduction to contributing to open source via GitHub Desktop 👌 { author: }
RT Considering speaking at next years' FullStack NYC? We'd love to hear your #JavaScript-themed talk, or lightning talks, wh…
Fantastic article by around caring (and feeding) your conference speakers- "The Care and Feeding of Your Conference Speakers" by #DEVcommunity
RT If you are a #cmgr and not accounting for BOTH deliverables (roadmaps, plans, etc) and maintenance work (engagement, relationsh…
Excuse me? Yet another push by Trump Admin to restrict 1sr Amendment - and the GOP is of course silent. It's not his house - it's the People's House. You can't stand the heat? Get out of the house (kitchen).
You should look into and their free plans...
So I thought this already happened...?
Mate, put the horse's tail back.
Hope he was interviewed by Mueller first
Look forward to hanging in SF!
RT Facebook open sources its programming language Skip
The best, and most important, performance of career. #foreverroyal
TMW you need to use props and costumes for your #hackathon presentation!
Noticed you didn't get any replies... I would say is a mature online platform which you can host yourself, or use a few different hosting provider options ( It's open source, and has a solid community proposing changes and fixes.
Well - the Spotlight I have is oddly a USB-C port, but the cable they give you to connect to your laptop is a USB-C to USB-A adapter. So if you have a small profile USB-C you can connect it. And I love my Spotlight - works great with Reveal.js and I use it with too
Trump Gets British Citizenship #ScareTheEnglishIn4Words
Boris Johnson's Prime Minister #ScareTheEnglishIn4Words
Presentations were not recorded but I am suggesting to and that they work with the speakers to release slides from their talks where possible
RT Let’s vote the old rich white guys *and* their guns out of office. Let’s replace them with humans who’s hearts are stronger…
#hackathon time!!!
The operation failed because the data source VSS component &lt;Component&gt; is missing.
Microsoft System Center Data Protection Manager Error ID
Who knew that one of the fun things we would do as a kid would become an actual evacuation device in the UK?!!
RT Glad to be a part of ! If you havent receive any stickers find !
Sweet. Though leaving was such sweet sorrow
Ok so I tried _really_ hard to like Melania, but she's as out of touch as her husband yet again. For someone who has said she wants to take on bullying I can think of elementary school kids who are bullied more than her. These people love to play the victim card. SAD! /smh
Nice. Yeah had some time on my layover to #hackferenceUK and made sure to stop by. Did the Legacy Tour and was the only one so received an ultra-personalised tour.
About to make a life-long dream come true at the
To the #MSM - please call this what it is: abduction. They were supposed to be returned to their families by Court order but Trump Admin couldn't/wouldn't &amp; now they're abducting them &amp; making money off of them in the system. That's also called "child trafficking".
&lt;/slow clap&gt;
Rudy kept saying it but it was never true.
Since everyone's jumping on the #developeravocado #devrel train.... Here's my bitmoji in an avocado suit. #yourewelcome
I could use a few of those #ngnix stickers!
You read it here first folks...
RT We've had a lot of requests for formal Postman training so we're launching a series of instructor-led courses —starting…
If you're nearby hit me up on DM and we should connect!
Looking forward to hitting up Brum again for #hackference!
Solid article on #community from the talk given at #cmxsummit
Boo Hilda
RT What *is* cloud native? 🌩 Here's an explainer to get you up to speed:
I AM NOT EMOTIONAL RIGHT NOW! IT'S THE ALLERGIES!!
Spectacular!
RT Learn what Role-Based Access Control (#RBAC) 👥 is, what makes it a better strategy, and how to implement it in apps. By…
LinuxBoot for Servers: Enter Open Source, Goodbye Proprietary UEFI via
RT Why would someone wait so long to come forward with a claim of sexual assault? We've summarized several peer-reviewed s…
git rebase origin/master
Great tool! By no means a foolproof way, but we need more of these tools. Examples: - - -
Great thread of an always amazing feat... #SpaceX rocking it!
This thread is fantastic! A bit of historical, English life
The Promise of #TheDoctor - "Never cruel or cowardly. Never give up, never give in." - are guiding words for the state of the world we find ourselves in and how we can make a difference. #DoctorWho
This thread.
Watching #DayoftheDoctor in preparation for #DoctorWhoPremiere. So excited!
Yes. So much yes!
RT Commands you need to git going! { author: }
Again, making my shopping experience enjoyable with "Daughter" by
RT The next Auth0 online meetup is all about ghosts, goblins, and open source. Come join as she talks about Auth0…
RT What: Auth0, and Happy Hour 🍻 Where: Postman HQ 🏰 When: October 16, 6PM — the day before #SIG…
Definitely check out
RT We do not make better communities in tech by knocking folks down. We do it by raising more people up! Be considerate of hu…
RT If you are building an open source project, code is key, but it is one artifact of a strong community. Make sure your code r…
RT Burnout is a diagnosable disease, from warns against instituting a hero culture that's so common in tec…
Nothing to see here... just a coincidence. #TrumpRussia Russian official with ties to lawyer in Trump Tower meeting dies in helicopter crash" -
Use schematics, selectors, and effects to add auth to #NgRx apps
We’ve made Auth0 a stronger product by listening to our customers. Stop by our new feedback page and tell us what we’re doing well and what we could be doing better.
RT 90M Facebook users were impacted by a breach 🔓 that compromised access tokens, making it possible for attackers to take over acc…
What about that uber-successful 6th grade relationship that lasted a few weekends? Also, totally agree.
Ahh yes. One of my favourite pastimes.
RT Developer Advocacy/Relations === developer education #devrel
If you're in #SF Oct 16 6-8pm join me at the Pre- Happy Hour Event with and at HQ! It's free, but you need to register!
Couldn't agree more. Metrics are great and all, but just because you can measure it doesn't mean you should.
Welp, this seems to confirm my theory that Cap is done / dead as a result of the events of Avengers 4 and it passes to Bucky as in the comics. Thank you for playing the role so well.
RT It's official: US media has permitted Republicans to establish the meaning of "corroborating evidence" to include *only*…
This. 👇 Right here.
Dear fellow passengers on any plane, When boarding please be aware of the bag you're shouldering which is in direct line of every aisle passenger's head and shoulders. Thanks, -Your fellow passengers who now have a self-diagnosed concussion
Opening my email, opening social media, visiting the loo (sometimes at the same time because efficiency), and then realising I need to go back to bed in order to avoid the dumpster fire. Working well for me so far.
. for the gold!
Yes. So much yes. If you find out where let me know please. My daughter is almost as big of a fan as I am.
RT Auth0 Principal Architect 🧙🏻‍♂️ on why you shouldn’t use #OAuth2 scopes for every authorization scenario 📐 →
RT We learn and do better - moving beyond meritocracy ⁦
If you could shoot me a DM that'd be great! Look forward to connecting!
"Members don't want to be metrics." - #cmxsummit #community
#soon #cmxsummit
Wait.. where is the "reply if you disagree" option?
RT Beginning today, no one under 18 will go to Rikers Island. Kids will be treated like kids instead of adults. This is an histo…
Always a good time mate!
We at are participating in the 5th Annual Come join us! #Hacktoberfest
Oh please... I know you! Check us out at
Yeah, with big, amazing clients and a solid team in APAC! You should check us out for your next career move!
Hah we've been in Oz for awhile now and have a strong presence!
Expanding our presence in Australia!
TWHS
How would you know?
RT One week until is at in #LittleRock! Catch his session on He'll be talking #serverless #SaaS…
RT I've read a LOT of articles on public speaking. This is, by far, one of the best. Thanks,
Hmm I think I need to give it my own testing Levi! 😋😎
Thread.
RT The 2018 #TechImpactAwards winners in the "Security" category: Gold: Silver: Read up on the com…
RT Being brave doesn’t mean you aren’t scared. Being brave means you are scared, really scared, badly scared, and you do the rig…
RT Our Dev Evangelist, walks through the pros, cons, and differences between REST, SOAP, and GraphQL.
Hah. I win!
Oh so if you're talking about what I have on and not just what I own, then I score 0️⃣.0️⃣
RT Kavanaugh really really really does not want the FBI to investigate Dr Ford's allegations
5.5 points... Only my hoodie and I don't even have it on
RT Durbin asks with what degree of certainty does Blasey Ford assert it was Kavanaugh who sexually assaulted her. Blasey Ford…
Let's hope they fixed their bugs where people could cheat
RT We are excited to join #Hacktoberfest 2018 🎉, a month-long celebration of open source software presented by
Burn down the 'boys will be boys' club
Having watched the last 4 years I'm not surprised.. he's an amazing shooter
RT "Many people might already known that there is a command called git rebase, but most of people don't know how to use i…
RT Open source 💻 Community 👯‍♀️ T-shirts 👕 Oh my! Year 5 of Hacktoberfest is rolling around again; get involved, whether it’s your…
RT Just in case you still don't understand how to interact with women without sexually harassing them…
Excited for our involvement this year! #opensource #Hacktoberfest #auth0oss
Change in an organization really starts when you change how people behave…. That involves: Confidence &gt;&gt; Behavior &gt;&gt; Culture But how do you improve confidence? - at
SREs and Platform Engineering are complementary practices which seek to provide stability and resources to the end user (devs). There are some key points in the State of DevOps Report 2023 - “treat devs as users” - “identify and eliminate friction” - at
Delivering software quickly, reliably, and safely are at the heart of a good SRE implementation. The DORA report ( laid down the standard metrics around software delivery performance. Both IDPs and Prod platforms inform these. - at
IDPs and Prod platforms have a symbiotic relationship, with IDPs providing a smooth pathway for devs to build and deploy their code to the Prod environment, and the insights from the Prod platform helps devs iterate and respond. - at
Defining the term “Platform Engineering”, starts with pictures of the industry definition from Gemini, and then TechStrong’s definition (highlighted are key concepts of a solid SRE practice) - at
Kicking off the afternoon of Day 1 is with “Driving Reliability at Scale with Platform Engineering and SRE”
Implementing this “Paved Roads and Guardrails” or self-service platform approach requires some good paths internally. Start from the bottom up and small in the culture of your teams, and then simplifying the UX/DevEx, and then align to get buy-in. - Joao &amp; Luis at
Having a secure self service template sets the default requirements &amp; guardrails for the deployment without a dev needing to remember all of the details, or forget required security details (or RegEx) (ex. use “Paths” instead of “PathRegex”) - Joao &amp; Luis at
Self-Service Platforms help address challenges we see with repetitive requests (developer toil) which should be automated. Empowerment vs Blocking: Self-Service Platform &gt;&gt; Predefined Code Templates &gt;&gt; Infra-provision/deploy &gt;&gt; Security Controls - Joao &amp; Luis at
Utilizing “Paved Roads and Guardrails” is a good way to address a lot of these problems we face. Paved Roads: well-established highways, safe, vetted Guardrails: compliments to paved roads to validate you have auto-enforcement of important parts - Joao &amp; Luis at
We face a lot of problems which can crop up within a single application to get to a full product - we aren’t experts in everything. Understanding the specifics of the tech you’re using becomes a big blocker. - Joao &amp; Luis at
The fourth talk on Day 1 of is Joao Martins and Luis Fontes with “Paved Roads and Guardrails: Enabling Speed and Security in Platform Engineering” We can be united across different job titles and departments in the desire to push code safely to production
Focus on the “last mile” of platform as a product: measure generated value. Companies are looking at the bottom-line more than ever - get ahead of the questions before they happen. Have the metrics in place early. Understand business cycles, ROI - at
Help teams understand: Adoption Metrics: - teams onboarded - apps using - traffic served - revenue generated by the platform Shared Success Metrics: - new engineers shipping to prod on their 1st week - reduced cloud costs by x% across services - at
Some key pillars for sustainable, anti-fragile platforms: 1. Trusted Platform (services, teams) 2. Shared success stories (use of platform) 3. Internal confidence (metrics: adoption, CSAT, reliability) 4. Ext confidence (P&amp;L metrics, Flow, TTM) - at
The value of the platform runs into a variety of stressors: - unhappy internal customers - hard to quantify biz impact - decision makers unaware of the value of platform **Key Metrics around adoption, reliability, CSAT** - at
A solid platform is not a weekend endeavor — it’s a long term journey. There are always cycles up and down. Think about showing that long term value, and setting expecations. If you don’t make it sustainable, you have fragile platforms - at
Manuel helped build which is a way / tool to help you manage cognitive load within your teams and organization. Adidas has a breakdown of how they show value of the platform to teams. Let your platform act as an engine - at
Clarify your platform value _AND_ your product costs associated. Helps to remove where the costs line up to instead of lumping it all in with the platform. Reducing the cognitive load (i.e. toil) should be a top line goal for implementing an IDP - at
Have you seen from ? I use it and love it. Hugo (mdx) + Reveal.js
You can grab 's slides already below, and go take the CHAOSS survey to improve their tools and metrics Slides: Survey:
Measuring project stability requires utilizing metrics &amp; reports available via like those around: * Responsiveness * Types of contributors * Bus/Lottery factor (if 1 contrib leaves, how screwed are you? Move someone into leadership?) - at #OSSummit
Figuring out the best places to start and to get people involved, be strategic in finding people to get involved in other areas like docs, marketing, etc. - at #OSSummit
Mentoring is vital for preparing people to move into other roles, and then setting up emeritus roles to help give people space to move into and transition out of the project - at #OSSummit
Documenting your contributor ladders help humans to know how to move, and helps you recruit better involvement with understandings of the responsibilities in your #opensource project. Reduce load for maintainers with good leaders - at #ossummit
Making a concerted effort for DEI brings plenty of advantages for your #opensource project - at #ossummit
Being explicit in your governance documentation makes it much easier for contributions. If not clearly documented, then things are uncertain &amp; humans get nervous. Good documentation also provides frameworks for getting started and lower need for help - at #OSSummit
Governance doesn't have to be a pain - it helps set the expectations so that #opensource projects can focus on people, their roles, and how they collab together - so clearly document with tempates - and then help set ladders in leadership - at #OSSummit
Developing and executing on growth strategies means you first have to ID their motivation for contributing clear comms and reduce friction and good first issues to get their excitement flowing for getting more involved.. but be proactive and specific - at #OSSummit
Maintaining projects is hard, and there's a vicious cycle, but investing time and effort early on (onboarding docs) helps you break out of that cycle - at #OSSummit
The problem is hard, because humans are involved, and it's important to be proactive and encourage people to contribute - and there's no magic or one-size-fits-all at building #community and growing contributors for #opensource projects - at #ossummit
Next up for me is 's talk on "Contributor Growth Strategies for OSS Projects" at #OSSummit
So many great nuggets of advice for setting up #opensource projects to be able to advance no-code contributions - highly recommend checking out the video on release - // at #OSSummit
If you have a smaller #opensource project, think: * small (tags, better issue description, templates) * about hiring * about project velocity and merge policies * make yourself available in real-time - // at #OSSummit
There's a lot of toil for #opensource maintainers, so look for someone happy to do that work so maintainers can focus. Also stability brings more trust and helps watch out for burnout, and diversity brings creativity and efficiency - // at #OSSummit
Use the buddy system and help create strong relationships with mentoring. Assigning seasoned maintainers to new projects can help establish processes. And processes change - so be flexible around roles and allow for breaks/breathers - // at #OSSummit
Make the pathway to contributions easier by writing contribution docs, telling people where to show up, and the specific ways to contribute, and don't forget project management! And replicate enterprise roles where applicable - // at #OSSummit
In a great session w/ &amp; at #OSSummit on "Building On-Ramps for Non-Code Contributors in #opensource". Love the thoughts around prerequisites and onboarding to *open source* and not just your project (esp with those used to enterprise collab)
I'M ON IT!
RT Are you new to #opensource? Check out this new in-depth guide 📜 on how to get involved in open source projects — from making you…
And there's a tweet for everything....
RT “There’s something about community that if you’re doing it right, it should feel like a mix of it just happened and it’s n…
#teamwork #stickergame
RT Take your online security and privacy to the next level with this Surveillance Self-Defense playlist.
Or when you #remotework
RT Recommendation 6/10. There is a big risk with community strategy: it exists as a silo in your org (often run buy a single pe…
RT This Week in Programming: Nobody Puts GitLab in the Corner
RT Writing articles is a great way to share technical knowledge and engage others in your work, but it has personal benef…
.... and then you open the can and you realise you were wrong. It can get worse.
Find out more on modern APIs and developing for them with and
Not going to make it this year, but it you can you should!
I grew up in a sub-culture (his also) where this line of reasoning was used _always_ to justify any sexual misdeeds by males, blaming her for "not submitting to authority" or being a temptress &amp; "inviting it" by how she dressed. This is shameful, disgraceful &amp; unacceptable. 👇😡
RT Our handbook is the single source of truth for our processes and culture, and it's open source #GitLabLive
RT Working remote has its challenges, but being able to have breakfast with my kids in the morning again is #priceless Come jo…
RT Going to #IDNEast in a couple of weeks? will be there! Ping me if you’re there and you want to talk s…
RT #WebAuthn aims to provide a secure, #passwordless authentication flow that can be used with hardware tokens, smartphones, and we…
It seems like _forever_
You gotta diversify... #php #devhumor
RT “I absolutely recommend any Java programmer to at least have a closer look at Kotlin.”
Awesome! Now I need to go find my G1!
RT 2 out of 3 sexual assaults are never reported. Might have something to do with the fact that for every 1,000 rapes, 994…
"A More Secure World for &lt;Android/&gt; Apps" with at #droidconT
Learn about enabling SSO for your company
Oops... And yeah, you gotta juststep into it and own it
Ask him if he wants an autograph
RT Nothing makes me feel more alive than visiting your website and deciding which pop-up to deal with first; privacy policy,…
Conflict, when handled correctly, is a great opportunity to grow and become a better person, team, organization, etc.
I have a few t-shirts still so see me tomorrow here at #droidconT
Oh come on... Using in a gif... That's not fair! #winning
Not sorry....
Well played &lt;/slow clap&gt;
RT Knock Knock. Who's there? Vue. Vue who? Vue London! Come visit us at #vueconf for better jokes than our social media person.…
If you're around #DroidconT make sure to find me for stickers and a few shirts!
RT The Open Guide to AWS: A GitHub-Based Resource for Practitioners – it's both a written resource with over 100 contributors, &amp;…
#droidconT kicking off this morning in #Cluj #Romania - looking forward to sharing about community and with the vibrant crowd here!
A #devrel program isn't a DevRel program without a solid sticker game
RT Auth0 Head of Engineering, shares lessons learned while being a Scout and how he applies these learnings as a software…
But instead of snapping her fingers and erasing half of the universe, a snap of her fingers cleans half the residences of the world.
Holy crap! #xmen is going to rock now! "Disney CEO Confirms Marvel Studios' Kevin Feige Is Taking Over the X-Men Franchise"
RT Firefox telemetry says 75% of page requests are now HTTPS! Has your company donated to yet? If not, why not?…
RT Don't learn to code alone 🚫 Get matched with fellow learners with similar goals on 👨‍💻
RT People who make up stories don’t ask the FBI to investigate those stories.
Any one of these public record activities should give one pause about where things stand with this Administration.
RT Here are 4 vital ways #Enterprise #SSO can help companies save employees time and provide peace of mind while improving individu…
So I was searching in Google Photos for specific photos from 2009 and came across this photo of - had used it for his speaking engagement at #xdadevcon13 in 2013 and somehow it made it to my Google Photos library with the exif still intact. The joys of cloud storage
The most successful witch hunt in the history of witch hunts! Who knew the Republicans had it in them!
Oh this gonna get good!
First few chapters of a #community book for free? You should do it!
RT Work with Auth0 as a remote UI Designer (HTML / CSS) 🎯 #remotework #ux #digitalnomad
Congrats! Way to go!
Holy crap this looks amazing! The biggest problem I see here is WHERE CAN I BUY MY FRICKING TICKET?????!?!!?!??!?!??!?!??!?! TAKE MY MONEY NOWWWWW!!!!!! #CaptainMarvel
Well how else are you going to play beer pong?
And this is why is a great place to #remotework
He is a little biased and opinionated without any facts. Reported as a bot.
Gotta keep things in perspective
I expect an offhanded "witch hunt" or "A+ rating" message
Nice thread on healthcare in European countries vs. the U.S.
Yes, and the example needs to be set early and they need to be held accountable.
Still not an excuse.
Yes, yes it does. Some of the best.
Rewatching one of the greatest shows of all time,
I believe that is a hidden level that if he is really good he will attain
Done. Follow !!
I don't know about that... The #palm Treo 700wx was pretty awesome!
Do all of the features work?
I'm tempted to check them out
How are those Pixel Buds? Have you tried with non-Pixel devices? They work ok?
Sure... But I personally (usually) keep my headphones contained in my clothing to minimise the hooking
RT #Reactjs ⚛️ is a #JavaScript library that Facebook created to facilitate the development of SPAs. Here's a tutorial on how to bu…
RT Whether you bleed purple &amp; gold or green &amp; yellow, let’s agree that you should see a doctor.
Not really sure how I feel about this I like BT headphones, but keeping them charged is always a challenge, and wired headphones are so much more convenient.
This would seem to be common sense, and the very definition of (at least) a "conflict of interest"
Thank you for sharing this thread and so sorry this has been a problem, and that you felt you couldn't say anything. Know that you have many people who support you and will stand with you!
To my fellow men, read this thread from a great co-worker of mine, and grow the f**k up. Evolve from being dumb neanderthals and treat _everyone_ with dignity and respect.
She keeps asking...
How dare you suggest my mind knows what is in it!
That's what adulting looks like
Had a relatively similar conversation many times in my household over the years.
Maybe he meant "best people at what they do?"
Someone wants in on family movie night #alicethebeagle
If we don't learn from it.... Or something like that
You should come find out on Monday! 🤣🎉✨
RT The mayor of San Juan to President Trump: This isn't about you, it's about the 3,000 people who died after Hurricane Maria…
RT 📢 Auth0 is thrilled to be ranked on the 2018 list 🚀 Thanks to our customers, investors, partners, and especia…
For clarity, that is $242.18. Max out of pocket.
Proud of and what we have achieved in such a short time, and in such great company!
RT Sharing 10 open-source and trending PHP repos. - Composer - Faker - Guzzle - Carbon - Symfony + 5 more { author:
RT 📡 Backend-to-Backend (Services/Daemons) 📹 IoT Devices 🔩 Cli Clients We'll take a look at these common scenarios and explain how…
RT Recommendation 4/10. You think your community is obvious, it isn't. Identify where and how people engage, set expectations,…
Nope.
Happy Birthday!
RT Win a ticket 🎟 to NY! How? 1. Follow 2. RT this tweet 3. Tweet why you want to go using “I want
To borrow a phrase, "Developers won't care what you know until they know that you care."
RT Auth0 Online Meetup #6 is right around the corner! We're talking APIs, we're talking we're talking sec…
This is awesome!
It seems to me that we are missing something in this headline since they didn't end with a period. So.. " at 2am." " for when you hate yourself." " if all other restaurants closed and you don't have any dog food at home." " when you're drunk off your gourd."
RT 📢 Auth0 welcomes Ghazi Masood to the team! Masood will employ 20+ years of experience in enterprise sales management and busin…
RT Join VP of Marketing and Growth at Auth0, in this live webinar 📽 as he discusses specific ways to utilize #IAM solution…
RT As #AppleEvent takes place, we analyze the new security features trying to answer the question: Is #iOS12 the most secure operat…
RT “451 Research: Mattermost ‘Well-Positioned’ to Capitalize on Need for Privacy” by
RT OK, let's do this people. Share with the #inboxfeatureswantedingmail hashtag which INBOX features you still want in
They've started adding some of Inbox's features to Gmail, like Snooze. I would anticipate more of that in the future.
RT Deploy summaries on 💫 Validate redirect rules 💫 Validate custom headers 💫 Warn of any mixed security content 💫 A wa…
RT #Remote Work Opportunity 📲 Our incredible global partner is searching for a Director of #Engineering to lead, men…
RT Great to hear success stories from customers like . Nothing like seeing our technology in action and see…
Make sure you check out and all we are doing. We are #remotefirst and offer all types of opportunities!
I was sitting at work when my wife called to say that a plane had just hit the first Tower. We discussed it being an accident until I watched the second plane hit &amp; spent the next hours glued to the TV until long after the Towers fell. That's when I knew I would #NeverForget
Absolutely agree. Relationships are where the trust is built with developers to use your product - if you can't get that right you likely won't get the developer part right. To borrow a phrase, "Developers won't care what you know until they know that you care."
RT No one on Senate Judiciary pressed #Kavanaugh on his mysterious $60k-$200k in credit card debt that vanished w/o explan…
RT If the shoe fits, wear it. Because if it doesn’t fit, it most likely isn’t your shoe
Wait for Groot's appearance in this epic battle between Thor and SpideyPool that even / would enjoy
Fair enough! Thanks for the analysis.
That tweet is the start of a thread of 4+ examples involving Ramos where male tennis stars are verbally abusive.. some get penalties or points taken away but no docked games. I totally hear what you're saying but I don't see a difference here. I'm also OK if it's subjective
RT T-Mobile was hit by a #databreach affecting around 2M customers 😱. This is what business leaders can learn from the incident to…
Does she blow up in any way like this? I confess to not watching tennis as much as I did in the Agassi days
Sure but in all fairness I have seen and heard that from all of the men over the years, even recently. There was a nice thread going around with that proof with the same official involved.
This. That official is the very definition of a snowflake
Garlic. It's what's for dinner.
RT GNOME Keysign is releasing a HUGE update, version 0.9.9. With it comes key exchange support over the interwebs! Check out Muelli…
RT "Torvalds would really like his work to get back to being boring." Find out what he's talking about here:
There must be some mistake.
RT Djokovic Gets Into Argument With Same Umpire Carlos Ramos at French Open, multiple violations did not result in docked po…
I didn't think you liked football!
&lt;/slow clap&gt;
Or an edge case... 😋
RT Official Tor Browser launches on Android
Not seeing this behavior
/me snorts
And that's how you start the season with #KCChiefs and
RT Oh shit!! I played this on and it was hands down the best experience for #DaydreamVR ... It's an unbelievabl…
A thread of concerns around Kavanaugh which should give pause - #stopkavanaugh
Machines, talking to Machines. Secure your #M2M comms with or else you run the risk of creating #skynet. Not really. But please, secure your comms.
Way to be progressive!
Agreed. John McEnroe said far worse.
RT Read Obama's speech on the state of American democracy:
Yeah I think this is good, especially for new team members, though I feel pushing out to bi-weekly or monthly as the team member becomes more comfortable in the team is good, hopefully enforcing more independent thought and bias towards action
RT Our diversity makes us stronger because it expands our capacities in business, defense and culture, but most importantly…
#StopKavanaugh
RT Former President Obama: “The claim that everything will turn out OK because there are people inside the White House who secretly a…
RT IMHO, what's most impressive about this accomplishment is that the team has remained diligently focused on QUALITY &gt; quantity…
RT Five times Brett Kavanaugh appears to have lied to Congress while under oath
Oh noes... I have to prepare something! #devrel #avocado
RT We recently released Postman version 6.2 which includes Postman Teams for free users, and session variables to enhance t…
This. Great thread.
Yeah some companies consider a 1:1 different from a yearly review, and more like a "touch base with your manager" meeting.
Some great talking points! How often does everyone do their 1:1s? Weekly? Bi-weekly? Monthly?
Our CS Infrastructure Team users and to optimize UI development
RT Twitter permanently banned Alex Jones today, a day after he harassed a CNN reporter and accosted Sen. Marco Rubio
Said no one ever...
Ah... IRC... Those were the days
How Magento changed its #opensource approach to get 50% community contributions
RT Key insights 🔎 on how companies are embracing #Passwordless, MFA, and Social Login to provide a more streamlined customer login…
RT Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt
RT You can take the superhero out of her costume, but you can never take away her superpowers. #justdoit
RT Republicans who didn’t even hold hearing on Merrick Garland complain that Democrats are destroying norms
RT Auth0 Principal Architect 🧙🏻‍♂️ on why you shouldn’t use #OAuth2 scopes for every authorization scenario 🎯 →
Nano on Linux. No joke.
RT Great to see the increase of HTTPS use in the Alexa Top 1 Million! More info via
From "TREASON" is [tree-zuh-n] n. 1) the offense of acting to overthrow one's government or to harm or kill its sovereign. **2) a violation of allegiance to one's sovereign or to one's state. **3) the betrayal of a trust or confidence; breach of faith; treachery.
RT "I think one incredibly misguided thing many companies find appealing with uservoice, getsatisfaction and the whole “ideation…
The times I have used it, the app seems to be getting better
Solid alternative to LastPass and 1Password
Coffee. So much coffee. #remotechat
Thanks to I was able to get this sorted using - here's the gist for your use -
Set your auto-reply to "Maybe" and then no one will know if you're coming or not and won't plan on it. OR - join all of them at once with multiple devices. #meetingception (I actually have been on conference 3 calls at once... #achievementunlocked #thatsucked)
#community - default to open
RT Auth0 is proud to be a gold sponsor 🏅 at #Opticon18! Stop by our booth to say hi 👋 and discover how our Universa…
They don't make them like they used to. SAD!
Good analysis as always on where things stand given this new development on #TrumpRussia
RT Especially proud to be a part of the Nike family today. #justdoit
Anyone in the twitterverse have a script to gather all the contributors from a Github org repo? Needing to gather all contributors in our org and the API doesn't let you grab contributors by org, only by repo.
RT Trump baselessly claimed Google's search results are 'rigged' — here's how search engines actually work
Then do something about it Sir. Caucus with the Dems and push back against this. The is complicit in all of it by their silence.
Yeah I debated rewording it as I too felt that way, but went with his point in the article and hoped it would draw people to review the full text. Developers want to be able to try something for free and it not be disabled but are OK with spending $ once convinced.
Good points for #DevRel - "They want to know just what you can do for them and understand how the whole thing was built and why it will work." - "Developers expect to get everything for free." - "when they care, they share" - "Developers constantly engage with each other"
RT Download HTTPS Everywhere and make sure no encrypted connections slip through the cracks.
Great thread on #community success usually being (wrongly) tied to retention
Great answer to fascists: "Goose-stepping morons like yourself should read books instead of burning them." -Dr. Jones, Indiana Jones &amp; the Last Crusade Fitting even for our times.
I'm looking at you friends...
RT The 6 core pillars of the Microservice Manifesto
RT Due to International Statute of Secrecy, we’re unable to confirm if the 11:00 #KingsCross to #Edinburgh is the Hogwarts Express,…
#RIPMcCain
Wait for it....
I don't know... Quite a few challenging questions there... Must be #Philly
Yes I know all of this &amp; what I said still stands. The OEM really just needs to focus on the framework modifications and leave core to Google and SoC OEM. OOS is not _that_ much involved over what Google already has at the Framework level, hence why being part of DP is a benefit.
Treble actually makes all of this much easier. They don't have to worry about the core and just need to add their framework modifications and don't need to take months.
Sure... However that is the purpose of the DP program. I am certain we will get Our, but it's disappointing that they weren't able to release as quickly after Final Pie.
I have the Pie beta... Smooth except for annoyances like Google Pay not working because they mucked up the CTS profile (and they know it), etc. It's been a few days shy of a month now... #soon is relative.
Thread. This 👇
RT Decency Wins
Stopover planning must happen
(4/4) Slides from 's final #OSSummit keynote on "The Power of Allyship"
(3/4) Slides from 's final #OSSummit keynote on "The Power of Allyship"
(2/4) Slides from 's final #OSSummit keynote on "The Power of Allyship"
Great job by as the last keynote speaker at #OSSummit Europe, speaking on Allyship, with specific examples of how to support &amp; I couldn't keep up! Highly recommend you check out the replay when it's live! I'll attach photos of some slides in this thread (1/4) 👇🏻
RT Allow me to be more helpful to customers than their entire support apparatus: If you’re using the native Mac app,…
Happy Birthday to , one of the most passionate about #ContinousDelivery and as they come! A pleasure to watch some futbol with you tonight in Bilbao!
RT Let’s pump some blood into those pipes. Watch Shoresy Season 2 starting September 29th on and October 2…
Today's Image of the Day: Strategic Communications Manager Isidro Reyna -
AMEN!
RT If you haven't already, make sure to RSVP for our September meetup happening next Tuesday, Sept 26 at 6p (arrive and food fro…
RT We are excited to announce the launch of OpenTofu, an open-source alternative to Terraform's widely used infrastructure as…
[2/2] Questions on metrics for #devrel practitioners - please reply with the following and give context if you feel it's important: #1- What are the metrics your program tracks? #2 - What stage is your company (early stage/seed, SeriesX, etc) #3 - How often do you revise/update?
As I'm thinking about my series on moving DevRel forward, instead of stagnating and losing efficacy as it seems to be (and/or companies are losing the understanding of the value), I'm tackling #devrel metrics. So I have a few questions in this thread for you.. [1/2]
I got lost
80% 80%
RT A follower recently shared that their DevRel team is sadly disbanding. If you have open DevRel positions, please commen…
RT Are you ready for - I am…and I can’t wait to see you all there on 15-17 Oct 2023 in Raleigh! We are also doi…
Hey #opensource contributors and maintainers.... Get on this deal
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Moon Camera Mosaic Sheds Light on Lunar South Pole -
I am a fan of mine... A bit disappointed they still haven't deployed a production Android Pie when Essential was able to from their Dev Preview program, but still enjoy this device. from a hardware standpoint has done well on the #OP6 but need to up their SW game
Too many of them look a bit full... Do you need some help?
I would go with whatever your wife said
It's year 5 for #hacktoberfest! Celebrate Open Source with and More info coming soon to
RT “How to honor John McCain’s memory” by Ken Burns
But it is a designer garbage bag
RT Since investing in Starbucks years ago to backing powerhouses like and Trin…
Build your first app with and #reactjs
RT Here's Todd Purdum's must read take on the McCain funeral. He compares Meghan McCain's sorching eulogy to that of Charles S…
Only the bestest of deals.
If you missed it, this eulogy is second to none. #RIPMcCain
RT Building a Mobile Audio Player app with: 🔘 🅰️ ☄️ #RxJS ✨ #NgRx → #angular #…
RT "The America of John McCain has no need to be made great again, because America was always great" - Meghan McCain speaking at…
RT "An old man shook off the scars of battle one last time and arose a new man to pilot one last flight, up and up and up." Megha…
Meghan McCain on John McCain: "He understood America as a sacred trust. He understood our Republic demands responsibilities even before it defends its rights." You will be missed Sir. Thank you for your service to our Country, and our World.
The importance of proper #cybersecurity continues to be more evident.
RT In #Sydney 🇦🇺? Join Auth0 CEO and CIO as they discuss the future of the #identity space, S…
RT The #TravelIndustry ✈️ is one of the world's fastest-growing sectors. Learn about the #DigitalTransformation 🌐 taking place and…
The Vancouver Port Authority kindly requests you return the yacht post haste. ⛵ 🚨
Yeah I have heard they are good!
Who is it?
Only able to watch the first episode so far
I'll add special sound effects
So a big #NothingBurger ✋
So all things considered, a normally unpredictable excursion!
Thanks for everything - it's been amazing watching you as a #KCRoyal and may your career continue to blossom! #RaisedRoyal
RT 💫🎉 Code First: Girls IS HIRING 💫🎉 We are recruiting for the following 2 roles: ♥️ Head of Communities ♥️ Community P…
RT It was an honor to be invited and to take part, especially getting to represent and ! The #OSSumm…
To the Miniman child... Please give the phone back to your dad.
Fantastic news! Enjoy the time away!
Congratulations! Welcome to the team!
RT CEO shares how we're growing Auth0’s culture. Scaling interactions, factoring our company’s soul, and optimizing c…
Definite food for thought
Must have MOAR hipster JavaScript frameworks!!
Finally!
This is hilarious!
RT Real leaders - like John McCain - know that “character is what you do in the dark, when no one is watching.” God bless y…
#RIPMcCain
RT From the archive: Five of John McCain’s most courageous political moments
RT Don't forget to see who is attending our Open Source Summit in Vancouver 🇨🇦 and choose your OSS conference experience…
Debunking Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory on Google - CNNPolitics
RT Thinking ever more about John McCain and betting that decency and honor will eventually triumph over greed and venality in t…
RT Remember this image the next time this President talks about disrespecting veterans.
So impressed at how hard you've worked and where you've come. Congratulations!
RT . Security Operations Manager at Auth0, shares 10 cybersecurity takeaways of the social engineering training at
Use Use Then let's work on a To-Do app and secure it with
Mine disappeared too quickly for a picture. What happened?
RT Watch Justin Trudeau tell an anti-immigrant heckler that racism and intolerance has no place in Canada
RT “A genuine leader will never exploit your emotions or your pocketbook.”
And yes, I know the rules of the flag and how that for Senators it's only 2 days... However that's not been the customary practice and is up to Presidential decree to make it different by occasion. His pettiness and lack of actual patriotism shines through here.
RT A deep look into Reddit's 2018 user #databreach 🔓. Learn how advanced forms of 2FA + features like anomaly detection can prevent…
Great notes from on ways you can start contributing to #community here at #DCNYC18
"how late is too late?" Has the talk started yet? 😀 #DCNYC18
Hanging with at #DCNYC18
#RIPMcCain
Excuse me? With the passing of Sen. McCain, as of 0722 EST the has the flag at _full_ staff. Unacceptable. Hopefully someone will step out of the pettiness and correct this. SAD!
RT RIP John McCain. A true American hero, inspiration, mediator, and last evidence of my father’s Goldwater Republican Par…
There's not much more annoying than to be in a crowded plane and have that one passenger who feels it's ok to have their ringer on full blast and to scroll through all their Snapchat, Facebook, and Instagram videos with sound so all get to hear. Repeatedly.
RT Our statement on the passing of Senator John McCain:
And that's one of the reasons I love working here at Auth0. Come join us!
Good thread from - too often I've seen this manifest itself by managers requiring they be involved in every single thing going on in their sub teams &amp; never releasing them to do what they're hired to do. At we push for trust &amp; transparency to hopefully combat this.
RT The fact that Kelli Ward absurdly and falsely suggested that John McCain’s statement about stopping treatment before his im…
Heading out to #DCNYC18 and free Wi-Fi for customers on is awesome... But slooooo (goes to sleep) oooow... At this rate might arrive at before this tweet hits the interwebs...
A perfect compliment for a true American Patriot. #RIPMcCain
Keeps crashing my OP6, but works on my SGS2. Go figure.
RT A true American patriot &amp; hero has passed. John McCain was an example of a public policy maker who fought for what he…
RT The flag at the Kutcher household is moving to half staff.
#RIPMcCain - you were a true Patriot.
RT Auth0 Online Meetup #5 kicks off Thursday, Aug 30 at 12:00PST. will walk through different authentication fl…
RT Groups in the Electronic Frontier Alliance work in a variety of ways to expand digital rights. The fights for free software a…
Slightly better than crack-shaped cookie
I would say it probably is? Has Transformers, Despicable Me, Shrek, etc
What about Universal Studios?
Are you avoiding Disney stuff?
RT In this tutorial, we'll show you how to set up in your systems and how to store data in #Redis using its core and mos…
RT Thank you for using Let's Encrypt certificates! We now service over 125M domains with HTTPS but need your help to do so. D…
As I have a number of tech t-shirts, I will require a shirt in order to properly compare, and thus weigh the need to fight you.
RT What everyone should want, and the country needs, is a “President” capable of comprehending what it means to “take Care tha…
RT Learn how to build modern applications with and 🚀 Part 2: using #Angular to develop the front-end of the to-do…
My daughter is upstairs learning to play the bassoon, and my inner middle school boy is giggling at what sounds like farts, or this scene from #DumbandDumber
Also this is our #beagle...
RT Beyond Engagement: How Top Community Pros Build Their Strategies #cmgr #esn
RT Congratulations, we broke the Arctic
Growing up and watching the hearings, this is spot on.
This. Marketing Depts, please understand this.
The way this reads, and what she says, it would seem she is the one holdout not "some other juror"
RT We're looking for Software Engineers for our #SRE team at Passionate about software and infrastructure? 🙌 Love b…
RT Multifactor authentication and social login are just two of several tools that Auth0 offers on its platform to guard its custome…
RT 💥 Check my latest post: "How to self-publish a book" 📚 A list of useful resources aimed to self-pu…
RT Managing state with the new ⚛️ Context API is very easy. Learn how to migrate from #Redux to the new #Reactjs Context A…
RT Recommendation 1/10. Your infrastructure/platform should be available from anywhere at any time. This equalizes collab. and…
This gonna get good!
Going to go out on a limb here and say that this (along with a subsequent tweet) was not written by him but by his staff. They have proper sentence structure, no capitalised words, good grammar, and are coherent thoughts. In addition, this one has a hint of humor to it.
Something rarely said about her 😅🤣
No. Just no. Complementing each other, yes. Together, no.
And coffee.
RT . 3.0 is out 🎊. This release ships with many enhancements and improvements. In this post, we'll focus on the chan…
Someone say "bacon?" #alicethebeagle
RT Paul Manafort was found guilty on 8 counts and he's still only the third creepiest campaign manager Donald Trump hired.
But, it's just a "witch hunt"... /s
RT MAGA = My Attorney Got Arrested
RT You asked for it. We really wanted it. It's here! ✨✨Announcing free wildcard TLS support on ✨✨ Making this free and…
Boom! Excited to make #DCNYC18
RT There is no such thing as a 100% vaccination against #cyberattacks, but these 8 security measures by will help y…
RT The group from created a comprehensive list of #nodejs security best practices, check it out here 📋
RT Did you know that getting JWTs right is harder than it seems at first glance? I came across this article by reca…
RT Because your project time is better spent on what makes *your* project special...
RT Truth isn't Truth Proof isn't Proof Evidence isn't Evidence Law isn't Law Right isn't Right Wrong isn't Wrong That's the id…
✋congrats!! Check out our openings at especially the #CommunityManager role! #remotework #devrel
RT If no other crimes took place (collusion, conspiracy, etc.), Trump certainly wouldn't be impeached for obstructing a case wh…
RT Data won’t tell you how to solve a business problem. You need a vision for how to use that data.
So many problems could have been solved
RT Help keep the web open and free! Contribute to open source projects. tells you everything you need to know,…
#Sharknado6. Tonight!
RT Linux Deep Learning Expands: Answer Is Still 42
How do you ensure scalability and high availability of a platform that handles more than 1.5 billion logins per month? SRE at shares the behind the scenes of our Universal Identity Platform.
I mean Google Play purchases issue with that app itself. Like potentially the API changed with Pie and the app hasn't updated
Wow. Where are you doing this?
Really seems like a developer or Google Play purchases issue.
I knew it!
All hail Android
RT 🎉 News #107 💚 Including: Vue CLI 3.0 is officially released! by Summary from the very first Vue Spr…
Watching the American Cornhole League on has me questioning my life choices.
Yeah makes me think he's not fun-loving and not someone I would want at a party.
RT "Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family." --…
- so much easier to use and lightweight
Glutton for punishment.
A great blog post written by UC Berkeley student about meeting with Auth0 and Extend team members! #womenintech
I think "are a baby deer" is a better fit in the context
RT Immensely proud - thanks to the amazing team.
RT How can health #insurance companies improve revenue and actual patient care outcomes, without adding new customers or providers?…
This is good stuff Matt! Kudos to your transparency and if you need anything let me know.
Deal. I was just there and completely blanked on catching up. My bad.
Take it day-by-one, one day at a time. Start a new streak.
RT Erik Prince just said the mothers and fathers who live on the coasts of the United States aren't often sending their chil…
"The new React Context API s a great alternative to Redux in small React applications." via
RT Managing state with the new ⚛️ Context API is very easy. Learn how to migrate from #Redux to the new #Reactjs Context A…
RT In this post, we delve into our public #SaaS deployments, the infrastructure behind Auth0, and the strategies we use to keep it…
RT “How To Get An Open Source Developer Job In 2018” via ⁦
It better be quick!
Happy Birthday
And is perfectly situated to simplify this process! You should take a look! Let me know if you want to chat
RT The future of building UIs at with Cosmos ( + X 😍 by
RT . joins a distinguished panel of #WomenInInfosec at sharing how she landed in #infosec + advice…
I can think of a lot of strong words. That one was appropriate for the situation.
RT "I'm I'm the incident commander" Great talk tonight meetup about incident management #devops h…
I know, I know.... was begging me to come but I just can't make it
Wish I could be there as well! Have a great time!
Wet.
RT #Nodejs brings the simplicity of #JavaScript to the backend 🙌🏼. Get started with by building and authenticating an entir…
RT Set up a VPN server with IKEv2 protocol to ensure that your online activities are secure no matter where you go:
RT For #insurance teams facing a daunting set of changes, developing a clear IAM modernization strategy of legacy softwares is a co…
RT It's raining. It's pouring. The sharks are soaring. 🦈 🌪 #Sharknado6 premieres in ONE WEEK on
Congrats! We're excited to have you join the team here at Auth0!
RT Let's Encrypt provides SSL certificates to 117M domains. Is yours one of these? Donate, support a more secure Web, and get…
RT Great to see listing Auth0 as one of the Top 30 companies for work-from-anywhere remote jobs in the U.S. 🎉 →
#Racism has no place in America or the world.
RT Auth0 Online Meetup #5 is scheduled. is talking Authentication Flows! Come learn the difference between a co…
RT Breaking: Trump-appointed federal district judge has upheld Robert Mueller’s appointment and Constitutional authority in th…
Even pee-wee leagues can have spectacular plays 😃
Spectacular tackle, steal and assist from in stoppage time to win the match.
RT How to configure a #ContinuousDeployment ♻️ pipeline utilizing #Nowsh, and to automate your #opensource
Supposedly has a good social media team to help.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This. Speaking at and just realised how many days are left until the event...
Yes, did and had to make sure his Developer Settings was turned off
RT Trump's tweets about the NFL and the national anthem are racist dog-whistling, period.
Really? That's the key? /smh
Yeah - he did a very un-Kanye thing and shut his mouth. You could see it in his eyes and in his grin when Kimmel announced the break. He didn't want to answer the question and so went silent. Not much Kimmel could do there...
ROFL
RT Congrats to on bringing together so many incredible partners and fans to fight homelessness in my hometown of Seat…
RT My wife was murdered by an undocumented immigrant ...and I still can’t/won’t support the dishonest, despicable anti-immigra…
#SpaceForce
Good! Corruption in Government must not stand, regardless the side of the aisle, or the level.
RT THREAD What do an FBI arrest, a special prosecutor, insider trading, tax breaks spent on yachts, and not disclosing shady busine…
RT Three points. Two goals. One reason to have that #FridayFeeling! #MUFC #MUNLEI
RT Trying to build a better process at your company for engaging with #opensource? Read about some lessons we’ve learned from…
RT We've open sourced our policies on anti-bribery, gifts and entertainment, event terms, and event code of conduct. We hope…
RT Learn how to install and setup as well as commands to write, read, update, and delete data from the store using its c…
The fact that his office has been found _already_ to screw up election results, and his record of voter suppression, makes it all the more important. The fact he publicly said he didn't see any reason why he should have to is the big problem, but consistent with his character.
RT Feel free to share this tweet when someone says "What Diversity Problem?" 😳 👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬👬…
Queue Wayne's World entrance music and graphic "#SpaceForce #SpaceForce #SpaceForce"
#opensource
RT Under our Constitution, the duty of Congress is not to clear the President. The duty of Congress is to be a check and balance…
RT Astronauts are headed to space from American soil for the first time in 8 years 🚀
Some great packing tips for #devrel
Wise words indeed
RT Dude, the poem isn't "first they came for the fascists"
RT Do you share images of code on social media? Odds are you are excluding people and offering a terrible User Experience (…
Swimmingly
Same! Thanks for grabbing me for a pic and chat!
RT When someone says “I don’t believe this particular woman’s allegations” there are scenarios where that could be a good faith o…
RT Or maybe it’s just people use common sense in evaluating multiple allegations of misconduct that are meticulously reported and…
RT You still have until September 26 to tell us more about the challenges you've experienced using CHAOSS tools and metrics!
You can't solve #opensource burnout all at once, but we need to start trying, and keep trying. Really great session from Nigel - at #OSSummit
Companies and foundations can help prevent burnout by actually paying and hiring #opensource contributors, and rewarding those underpinning your org. Users, don't be difficult - at #OSSummit
As a manager, it's important to set boundaries for you AND your ICs, protect time for you and your reports, incorporate the #opensource glue work and invisible contributions into promotion conversations - at #OSSummit
When dealing with #opensource (and really any) burnout, as ICs it's important to block out time and manage up, and as maintainers it's important to delegate and setup healthy project checks, and enjoy what you do and what gives you energy - via at #OSSummit
Using the Snickers "you're not you when you're hungry" example, touches on the examples of what burnout may look like and the base Step 0 to start dealing with it #OSSummit
Up at #OSSummit it's talking about breaking out of the #opensource burnout cycle
Legit good advice.
This is funny though
Bluetooth has range and speed limitations? 🤣😂
It's time for #OSSummit Europe!
As it stands right now, unless I can find someone with an extra ticket and a couch to crash on, I won't be there
FRIENDZZZZZ! SEE Y'ALL TOMORROW!
You could always factory reset! Did you unlock the bootloader? If so that's likely the culprit.
I have Pie.
It is if it works. Otherwise it's something else.
I thought it was a reboot?
RT A great nation is judged not by how many millionaires and billionaires it has, but by how it treats the weakest and most…
RT Judge rejects FEC rule that allowed for anonymous donations to "dark money" groups
I too find this troubling! What are we to do?
Congrats to for such a prestigious post
RT If Trump Tower meeting was nothing, why the lies and shifting stories?
Welcome back #SportingKC
Some great tips!
Looking forward to #devrelcon
Agreed - it's reinforcing bad behavior and word will get around about your business model and it'll be bad mojo
RT You don’t make your words true by embellishing them with religious lace.
This is fantastic. What my ears needed to hear on a Sunday afternoon!
Kansans, don't forget that #Kobach headed up this sham. The same Kobach held in contempt of court in voter suppression. The same Kobach who the judge said should go back to law school. Same Kobach who leaked last 4 of ~ every Kansan SSN. Vote NO Kobach as KS Governor. #ksleg
Tasty indeed. 🔥tip: 4 for $4 meal is the best deal in the industry and includes good chicken.
RT The discussion around #devrel has to move beyond "What is dev rel?" and "How is dev rel different compared to marketing?…
If you haven't already pre-ordered this #devrel book, what are you waiting for? Go. Now.
This is blatant witness tampering and obstruction of Justice
Take a look at the new #Android ML kit and match it up with
Actually watching with the family right now... I have been Jim far too many times
"Moshing" != dancing? 😲😮😱 Also, I rocked ska back in the day...
Wouldn't that be encouraging the practice of stealing clients?
I beg your pardon... A mosh pit is a dance pit. Also #ska. (Note: evidently I can't tweet right and need to go to the updated Zoolander school...)
Overheard while my daughter is sweeping the kitchen (while already listening to "November Rain" by GNR)... "Should I play 'Immigrant Song' or 'House of the Rising Sun' next?" #winning #ParentingWin
RT My new piece in Trump Fans Are Suckers and QAnon Is Perfect for Them "Conspiracies are hard. They're e…
RT It's got nothing to do with what you think about Lebron James. The President of the United States had nothing better to d…
RT Let's Encrypt FAQs:
RT We designed this guide 📜 to show non-devs how easy it is to add #authentication with Auth0! Don't know how to code? Don't worry,…
🎵Hello🎵
RT “I was blown away by a lot of things with the CIA — how incredibly diverse the place was and how apolitical.” THATS 👏 WHAT 👏…
Great question.
#typescript all teh things with Part 1 of this series on #nestframework and #angular
This is not the Republican party I grew up with.
RT Atom 1.29 is out, bringing faster syntax highlighting with Tree Sitter and better commit co-author suggestions. Atom 1.30 B…
So does that mean mine is shipping soon? :D All things considered - very excited for your book and anyone who hasn't sign up should totally do so. I _swear_ I don't get any affiliate kickbacks
I expect a full chapter in each of your books about this, and then a twitter conversation/debate/storm over which one of you is correct. #chopchop #WHEREISMYBOOK #goodluck
So a Director of Customer Success :D
RT The #Linux Foundation is committed to #opensouce networking! Check out the projects that bring open source to networki…
Good.
I do agree. Experience in public service is key
It's not just someone younger in the President slot... The number of members of Congress who are 65+ is ridiculous. Most are so out of touch with the real world, and the Facebook hearings were the biggest example.
RT Judge orders Kobach's office to pay $26K to ACLU in #ACLUvKobach case #ksleg #ksgov
RT 📈 has significantly surpassed 1 trillion downloads Sources: 📊 Official Node.js Metrics site: ~747,019,000 download…
RT Males, before you slide into a woman's DMs or mentions follow these 3 steps: ☝️ is what you're about to say smthng you'd tel…
RT Wait a second... Are you telling me that an Elton John CD autographed by Donald Trump wasn’t enough for North Korea to denuclearize? I’m shocked. SHOCKED!
No reward if you don't risk...
5 point crown of drink stirrers found at #apidays #APIDaysSF (h/t
Happy hour has started at #APIDays sponsored by #APIDaysSF
RT BREAKING: Federal judge issues temporary restraining order stopping release of downloadable blueprints for 3D-printed guns
. killing passwords on stage at #APIDays #APIDaysSF #death2passwords
To be honest not sure how I feel about this... Sure it makes sense, but I can only imagine how those users who used HipChat _precisely_ because it wasn't Slack feel. and are great options for them
RT Lebron James has done more for education than Betsy DeVos, more for charity than Donald Trump, and more for inner cities…
We are ready here at #APIDaysSF representing - come see the #BoothBeards and talk identity and access management!
#deathtopasswords from here at #APIDaysSF
RT #OAuth2 is one of the most popular authorization protocols. But how does it work and why it’s so important? Let's find out 🎯 →…
Never been more jealous of you than I am right now.
If you can't have a kebab late at night, is an acceptable alternative
RT Do you use #Shiny to build #rstats data explorations or reports? You can choose who gets access to what with Shiny Server Pro +…
Had a great time with and But that squirrel really needs to watch the type of things he says to me in the hallway. He was lucky I am so easy-going and found him cute.
I felt the same way until I got my LowePro bag... I love it and don't feel squished
This.
Great thread on the difference between "direct" and "circumstantial" evidence in the Cohen matter
There's nothing better than being able to have dinner with coworkers you actually enjoy hanging around with! And that's what I have consistently seen here at ! So come join us! (h/t and )
RT Although I don’t support James Gunn’s inappropriate jokes from years ago, he is a good man. I’d personally love to see…
RT The Trump Presidency has shown us that approximately 35% of Americans are willing to trust the words of a habitual liar over…
#CLSummit
Working at is awesome! Come join me!
Because they go back to Trump Admin with kickbacks. He's once again paying back his supporters who conspired to put him in office.
RT Seniority's got nothing to do with age, and sensible software companies should know this
RT We thank you for everything, Moose! 💙 #RaisedRoyal
It's saved in that article
And he deleted it (and many others) a violation of the Presidential Records Act of 1978
RT I'd go so far as to say that developer relations is synonymous with enabling people. It's the beginning and end of DevRel. h…
RT It’s the 4 year Leak-iversery. UPDATE: Still searching for the bastard who leaked our test footage onto the internet c…
RT KC BBQ &gt; Texas BBQ. Executive Chef Kevin's #BurgerOfTheMonth masterpiece for July: BBQ Burnt End Burger. Available tonig…
I love #devrel and love what I do building #community
RT Newly revealed emails—which we're publishing here for the first time—strongly suggest ICE targeted Mexican journalist E…
So long ! Thank you for your devotion to and what you mean to us fans #ForeverRoyal
RT The #MLKit mobile SDK brings all the expertise on machine learning techniques to #mobile developers in an easy-to-use…
RT Great to see listing Auth0 as one of the Top 30 companies for work-from-anywhere remote jobs in the U.S. 🎉 →
RT When the #POTUS won’t condemn white supremacist ideology, classifies neo-Nazi marchers as “good people,” calls NFL players…
There's always next year!
Couldn't agree more... In my 30+ years in online communities, nothing has given me as much enjoyment as an offline #community event
Good for him!
Again, glad to have been able to attend this year! Will definitely be there next year at #CLSummit !
RT FACTS 😋 💯
RT Sometimes I find some people in this environment, say the exact opposite thing about President Trump than they did abo…
"Fish Heads" by Barnes &amp; Barnes
Also, yeah yeah. But what about ?
Maybe remove the bars of the crib for a better view?
RT Trump says Russia is going to attack the midterms to support Democrats. Also the Joker loves Batman, Sauron hates rings,…
RT MAJOR BREAKING NEWS:
Comments are important.
Great article by my friend on #community "5 questions to answer before building a community"
RT . &amp; the guys at #dotNETRocks talk Software Extensibility using Serverless Tech + Glenn's work w/ Auth0 &amp; WebHooks,…
Agreed. The #TF101 was also a solid device on Honeycomb thanks to work done by and to open up the device for custom dev
Join us!
This is not who America should be.
Nah - Honeycomb was great - as long as it was on a solid device. Not that horrendous piece you're holding.
I have to get ahold of them first... seems is hoarding them
RT See how migrated its #ContinuousDelivery infrastructure to #Kubernetes and what they learned along the way:
RT . makes it 9-8 to #MUFC! And Kessie's attempted paneka drifts over the bar. We win! And I'm off to have a lie d…
How to build a movie watch list demo application using #TypeScript, and #Webpack.
RT Google I/O 2018 enabled developers to take advantage of some cool #MachineLearning APIs. Learn about the new APIs and c…
RT Can't wait for #APIDays 🌉! We'll be talking about the importance of #IAM in the API World alongside an all-star #Identity panel.…
RT Our upcoming webinar on August 14 examines how The Linux Foundation focuses on building sustainable, open collaboratio…
/me grumbles something about not having said limited edition stickers...
RT The History of Kubernetes &amp; the Community Behind It &lt;- Making an impact.
STICKERS!!!!! And answers of course for your questions... but STICKERS!!!!
RT My new company just made this list: "Top 30 Companies for Work-from-Anywhere Remote Jobs in the U.S"
RT In a video excerpt from O'Reilly founder and CEO looks at how we can extend the values and practices of #ope…
Important to pay attention to these for all travellers
RT Tariffs are taxes that we pay.
So a few things to note on the Android P DP4 on the #OnePlus6 is that: - face unlock does not work - Google Pay does not work (broken CTS profile) Other than those 2 things pretty solid for me
Your loss of coffee is tragic and I feel for you. I shall pick up the slack.
RT Can I just say, one more time, for the record: NEWS ORGANISATIONS, HAVE YOU CONSIDERED PUTTING YOUR FACT-CHECKING TWEETS DIR…
Protect yourself on the internet
Totally shows the Nunes memo to be BS and totally untrue. Shows Nunes to knowingly have lied, and that Schiff was telling the truth. Also begs the question, "What else did the Republican side of the House Intelligence Committee knowingly lie about or misconstrue?"
Well if I recall that turned out alright in the end
RT Open source supporters and companies have teamed up to create a new open video format and codec called AV1
What’s a minor cold amongst friends?
I can’t lie - this is actually a bit interesting to me.
RT Really, *really* good article showing a Vue.js front end, Node back end, and integration to build an app. Covers…
Good breakdown of what FISA and FISC are and how they work from someone who actually knows.
Kris Kobach just can't seem to catch a break... 😀😂🤣 #ksleg
Very good thread analysing an actual voting machine from the 2016 election.
Part of a fantastic thread about dealing with trolls and those who attack and won't participate in reasonable discourse
This is getting out of control. His love affair with #Putin is continuing to put us as a country at risk. #TrumpPutin #TrumpRussia
RT I’ll tell you what, show the courage to stand up to Putin and then you can tell others what they should stand for.
RT 👏 new debugger for Node.js looks really impressive – it's awesome to see &amp; friends invest in No…
RT Community Leadership Summit 2018 #CLSummit
Fantastic! Cannot wait for #DoctorWho to return!
RT Ecuador will imminently withdraw asylum for and hand him over to the UK. What comes next?
RT Upcoming webinar: 👨‍🏫, former Principal Prod Mngr. of Identity at and Head of Content and Guidance at…
And the other one (part of thread)
Twitter didn't want to include the other tweets
Of course they'd be open to doing it... Deripaska is neck deep in #TrumpRussia and was Manafort's boss before the campaign. Ref: Note: follow who's all over this before the MSM is
Come join and myself in SF as we delve into the beautiful goodness that is #JAMstack!
Don't miss a good webinar on #IAM platforms and why Auth0 is the choice
RT Learn how to build an audio player app with #RxJS, and #NgRx 📱🔊💃 → #mobile…
Ahh that moment when not sure if joking... Or... #OnionImitatingLife
RT "Greatness of a community is measured by compassionate actions of its members". So true #oscon
A pattern that continuously reveals itself is that anyone in Trump's arc contacting / collaborating with Russia/ns does so in secret. Why do you think that is?
RT Advertisers track you by following your digital fingerprint. Digital fingerprinting is a new, sophisticated way for c…
Let's get Auth0 logo in !
RT We are book nerds and proud of it: Beach Reads Recommended by Auziros via
RT . healthcare collaboration platform delivers HIPAA-compliant and secure protection for sensitive information with the he…
Interesting... It is supposed to wipe data but it didn't.
RT See you in San Francisco on July 30th for a very special #JAMstack meetup with and 🔎+⚡️+🔐= 💥🚀 Save your se…
Yes. 🥑
RT Where typical #authentication schemes don’t make sense, #M2M communications do. See how the client credentials grant from #OAuth…
Do you know how stable Android for Work is?
I have honestly thought about it... But hate redoing all my apps.
On it!
And you could visit your relatives! #StockholmForMary
RT Watch Democrats chant ‘USA’ to shame Republicans for refusing to fund election security
RT Here's a question: why do all Trump's Russia meetings—but *no other meetings*—have to be private? Mayflower Hotel: PRIVA…
This is what dictators, tyrants, autocrats - heck, insecure little children do.
RT Summer Camp Hierarchy Thrown Into Chaos After Second Girl Learns How To French Braid
Might be a good idea to caucus with your colleagues across the aisle and support calling for the interpreter to testify as to what happened. It is the responsibility of Congress to hold accountable the Executive Branch - and now's as good a time as ever to start.
One of my all-time favourite movies, "The Dark Knight" will go down as a brilliant piece of work by the late Heath Ledger.
Advance #vote in #KS today!
A great time that was! Another one is coming soon!
RT . is a #JavaScript framework that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity ✨. Let's use it to build…
RT Where typical #authentication schemes don’t make sense, #M2M communications do. Learn how the client credentials grant from #OAu…
RT We are excited to announce 150% growth of the Auth0 Partner Program 📈🎉. The program allows organizations like
RT In January 2017, Donald Trump was shown evidence that Vladimir Putin personally ordered pre-election hacking. He has since pub…
RT More #JAMstack community news: JAMstack SF will be meeting again on July 30th, with talks from: 🔎Search, from 🎩Ident…
You can choose Public, Private, or Friends as you levels of transaction privacy... But it defaults to Public.
This. We are America. We are of all colours, all creeds, all religions. We are all. This president is an agent of Russia, not of us. #Resist
RT Understand that if Trump had no intel suggesting Russia is committing crimes against us, in theory he could offer unilate…
No, he is spouting Putin's rhetoric. He's not playing into their hands, he's already in them.
RT Learn about integrations and how Postman plays with some of your favorite platforms!
RT I’m calling for a hearing with the U.S. interpreter who was present during President Trump’s meeting with Putin to unco…
RT Yes, almost every elected Republican we talk to privately thinks President Trump’s warm embrace of Vladimir Putin was unexplaina…
RT BREAKING: Trump CROSSED OUT the phrase "anyone involved in that meddling to justice" before giving his prepared remarks—s…
He just can't bring himself to say "It was Russia". He _has_ to use the "other people" defense.
RT TIL every payment made using Venmo is public by default and you can access any and all of these payments using their API with…
It's worded so strongly how could anyone _not_ get the message?
RT There are 4 types of wealth: 1. Financial wealth (money) 2. Social wealth (status) 3. Time wealth (freedom) 4. Physical w…
RT I'm excited to announce that I have joined the team as the VP of Engineering. I am super excited about the team, th…
Why aren't you here?
"Aspiring authoritarian, multi-indicted, fascist ex-president says he won't break the Constitution again" Fixed the headline for you, Do better
RT The calendar you never knew you needed.
Interested in hearing about #CDEvents and from at #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
Don't discount the importance of marketing support, community building, and ambassadors for your #opensource project that a foundation provides and really helps you grow and raise awareness - via at #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
When entering your #opensource project into a foundation, it's also important to review how you exit the foundation, and what are the actual benefits to joining - via at #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
Looking at moving your #opensource project to a foundation, it's important to do your due diligence on the foundation, their projects, and the member base of the foundation - via at #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
Often when you start an open source project you end up creating a lot of work for yourself, and sometimes it's a good thing to move to a foundation - via at #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
Love how is walking us through starting an #opensource project, the problems to be solved, and naming it "Waldont" is awesome! #ContinuousDelivery #OSSummit
This talk on "I’ve Started an Open Source Project – Now What!?!" from is going to be 🔥 here at #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit
RT Here's kicking off Mini Summit co-located event at OSS EU 2023 in #Bilbao ! 🔁🚀
Absolutely - just posted them!
Thank you to all who came to my talk which ended up kicking off #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit at #OSSummit. As I mentioned, here are my slides
Next up at #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit at #OSSummit is "Uptime, Mean-Time, and Ahead of Your Time" from Anna Daugherty and the importance of measuring outcomes
Enjoying this talk from at #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit on #Tekton Chains in Action #OSSummit
RT First up at Mini Summit is talking about CD High Performing Engineering Teams
Looking forward to it Lou!
Ain't you bougie
RT That's right. "We've" never heard of her. What an amazing self-own.
Got my badge and I'm ready for #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit and #OSSummit! If you're around and want to talk about #community and #devrel, maybe even looking for a leader to ramp up your program, find me! I'll be here all week!
This is ridiculous for to do...
RT So happy part of #CLSummit landed in my kitchen and puppies are (kinda) playing. Thanks for hanging out
RT It is not at all wrong to say the U.S. has been in a de facto state of war with Russia since at least April 2016, due to…
Seems really messed this one up... Flight out of #DEN, not only is it almost 2hrs delayed (my 2nd delay of the day), it is significantly oversold, including first class. Can't remember when the last time was I saw this.
RT Quisling: A person who betrays his or her own country by aiding an invading enemy, often serving later in a puppet gover…
RT Disaster is one word. Calamity, catastrophe, debacle and fiasco are four other ways to say the same thing. #TrumpPutin #S…
RT DNI Coats said last week that the U.S.'s digital infrastructure is "literally under attack" and warned that among state a…
RT The death of truth: how we gave up on facts and ended up with Trump
RT Everyone at #CLSummit: The Slack group mentioned is for all of you who are building community &amp; #DevRel as a…
If only there were something you could do about it Mr. . This gives Putin a green light to continue. Shameful is correct, but what are you and your fellow Congressman going to do about it?
To all the drivers out there using the singsong navigational voice... Just don't. Please.
Very professional, first hand analysis and experience around what the DOJ revealed in #TrumpRussia
"Just as the rich rule the poor, so the borrower is servant to the lender." -Proverbs 22:7 NLT
He always defaults to the "both sides" argument
RT Donald Trump’s press conference performance in Helsinki rises to &amp; exceeds the threshold of “high crimes &amp; misdemeanors.”…
You have to read this answer in the full context of everything he has said about the election meddling which he denies took place. This is not good for the future of our democracy if things continue this way. It is being sold to pay off his Russian debts.
RT Putin: "Yes I did, I wanted him to win" the 2016 election.
This will be a great position for some JavaScript developer who loves Open Source
RT POTUS blames *the US* for the poor state of US-Russia relations.... including blaming the *investigation* into the Russian…
Oh man! Hope he ends up ok!
They don't need to... He's likely using his terribly insecure S3 which is susceptible to a ton of issues they can, and likely do, exploit remotely.
RT Read ⁦ and ⁦ “Why the Hell Are We Standing Down?” The secret story of Obama’s response to Putin’s at…
Glad to have been able to finally attend the #CLSummit this year. Thanks to for conceiving of the conference, and continuing to champion the principles of #opensource within the formation of each year. Here's to next year!
. is exhausted after a great two days here at #CLSummit (and evidently I am too as I forgot to post the pics on the earlier tweet)
And thus became probably the most influential Christmas movie of our time.
RT A free press is every bit as important as free speech and gun rights. Somebody tell the President that.
RT tl;dr - Expressing brand identity in is an essential part of the design process. #gde
RT Guccifer 2.0 and DCLeaks booted from Twitter following Mueller indictments
Or band Toto
Great.. Sparkly poop.
Fantastic session at #CLSummit about #community and the different ways to respond when the team moves locations in a company, and how to make the most of it and thrive!
RT If you are at #CLSummit, and interested in #CommunityMetrics, don't miss tomorrow's workshop
RT I’m so confused... - When we were attacked on 9/11, Americans came together in the strongest show of support our country ha…
RT • 6/9/2016: - Trump Tower meeting with Russians takes place. - Trump tweets about Hillary’s 33,000 emails 10 minutes afte…
Congratulations to 🇫🇷 winning the World Cup! They survived a crazy, entertaining tourney, exerting their dominance when needed.
#CLSummit
Community can learn from development processes - via at #CLSummit #CLS2018
RT Once again, Hillary Clinton warned us about all of this...
RT America and the EU are best friends. Whoever says we are foes is spreading fake news.
This thread (and subsequent reply threads) offer very interesting analysis of activities and decisions of the Trump campaign in light of the recent indictments (and yes, correlation does not equal causation)
Basketballs belong with the other basketballs (cc:
RT I created a GitHub org and repo for #CLSummit 2018. If you're at CLS and taking notes or have any other resources from the s…
RT Salting hashes can protect from: 📗 Dictionary attacks 🔨 Brute-Force Attacks 🌈 Rainbow tables Mitigate #passwords attacks with…
#CLSummit
Key takeaways as well from at #CLS2018
"In metrics make sure you know if you're measuring a product or a project" and understand what your outcomes are - at #CLS2018
. from sharing the key pillars of running events at #CLS2018
Ermahgerd! Come join us as we discuss all things #devrel and even a few things which aren't.
. resting up for a great day at #CLS2018 and planning a session to run for
Kickoff of #CLS2018 by
Great to see book on #community translated into Chinese! #CLS2018
Thanks to for sponsoring the #CLS2018 doughnuts from
RT How to get developers to do what you want
RT As always, I'll point out that the severity of a news story can be measured by the number of trolls and bots deployed aga…
Personally I think what’s missing here is the acknowledgement that the FBI did in fact investigate the DNC server in order to identify what happened and who to bring indictments against. The FBI is doing its job, if the House Republicans will let them.
RT Hi, I'm Jeff and I'm an Engineering Manager at and I'd like to talk a little bit about open source, humans, and gen…
Looking forward to this co-event with and - come join us!
RT Kotlin has gained ground in Android development, but experts say it's not a current threat to Java
RT House Republicans are irresponsibly more concerned with Strzok, Rosenstein and Clinton than they are with Putin/Russian act…
No too shabby here in #pdx - beats hotel WiFi that's for sure.
RT . calls an "interesting way to extend #apps in a scrappy, hackable, scriptable, webhooky kind of way…
Seems like a good analysis of #Brexit
RT how your iPhone looks at you as it autocorrects "fucking" to "ducking"
RT After years in Open Source, great to be able to create a role working for an awesome company This role is global, re…
RT It is in the interest of America’s security if NATO leaders push back against the reckless behavior of Donald Trump, who i…
RT Recently I delivered a keynote about building effective leaders in communities and organizations. What are the traits of sol…
RT How can we get to swing by ? 🚀 🚨Retweet this 🚨
RT Key insights 🔎 on how companies are embracing #Passwordless, MFA, and Social Login to provide a more streamlined customer login…
RT Hey folks, it’s 2018 and young children have a better chance of being reunited with their parents if they’re stuck in an unde…
This is shocking, fact-based and requires the Senate Judiciary Committee investigate.
This right here is going to make your day, and if it doesn't I am not sure why you follow me. Watch "Foo Fighters With Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up - London O2 Arena 19 September 2017" on YouTube
#community for the win!
RT Brett Kavanaugh's paper trail becomes central to the nomination fight in the Senate
Just open more Slack channels #SorryNotSorry
The standards by which we've allowed Trump to exist are dangerous to future generations
He makes George W. Bush look like Shakespeare. Words I never thought I would ever utter. Ever. "FACT CHECK: Did Trump Refer to His Mouth as a Musical Instrument 'Hopefully' Attached to the Brain?"
RT A man harassed a woman wearing a Puerto Rico shirt because she 'should not be wearing that in the United States of America…
Good advice for #cmgr #CommunityManager types out there
We're hiring at for a Community Manager - #remotejob #remotework. If you're passionate about connecting developers to solutions and empowering them to build awesome tools with the industry-leading IDaaS platform, you should apply!
Join me at #CLSummit in #portlandoregon
RT Discover everything you need to know about #WebAuthn, a new standard for secure authentication on the web 🎯 →
RT Good community management advice. Sometimes, a true apology is needed. Just not for the little things.
RT Um. It's not often I retweet the Heritage Foundation. But they're right.
RT "I'm not a national threat," Panshu Zhao said. "On the contrast, I'm a national merit because people like me with high…
#ThreeLions !!!
RT The best way for Democrats to give Trump and his supporters fuel for 2018 is to call for the abolishment of ICE. ICE isn…
#soon #sportingkc #SKCTOR
RT Security vs. Convenience: To truly keep info safe you need to pull off both 🌠 — here’s the why and the how →
Great work and !!
RT UPDATE: Mar-a-Lago club is now asking to hire *61* foreign workers for the coming season. They just pos…
RT When the Special Counsel’s work is done, the Republican Party must have its modern-day equivalents of Watergate heroes—How…
RT 15 minutes until #Neymar goes for his academy award. He's ready for his closeup Mr. DeMille. #WorldCup
RT Thank you for sponsoring #CLSummit! Their supports helps to keep our event free but you do need to register to…
RT 😔 Lost 3-2 in the 90th minute to Belgium. 🗑 Cleaned the dressing room, left the floor spotless.... 🇷🇺....and left a “Thank You…
This is very interesting and from what I have read so far on it is achievable and bipartisan
Builds character. Plus maybe it will help him with his book
I routinely do this and ignore the looks I get from others in the coffee shop
RT Thanks for sponsoring #CLSummit! Their support helps put on a free event where you can expand your skills &amp;…
RT nginx-1.15.1 mainline version is out, added random load balancing method
Yeah I submitted one about some of the hacks I have learned over the years
Done. =)
A new starter plan has been rolled out for has a new starter plan - sign up for free and fire up the serverless rocket 🚀
RT Three Reasons Why the "Nothing to Hide" Argument is Flawed by our friends at #privacy…
Lost count the number of WH officials in this administration who have been / are being investigated for ethics violations, and those who have quit/resigned because of them... #winning #allthebestpeople
Countdown to Facebook announcing a data leak of said apps...
RT 'pore over' 🔍"to read or study very carefully" 'pour over' ☕️"to make expensive coffee" 'comb over' 💇‍♂️"to comb hair…
RT So, I'm just gonna vent - yet again - because I just read my umpteenth article about how the Great US/European Populist E…
I keep wondering why I keep getting surprised at these things...
RT When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them…
RT West Point has appointed Lt. Gen. Darryl A. Williams as the first African-American superintendent in the military academy's 216-ye…
RT As we mark the 242nd year of our great Nation’s birth, let us remember the words of our 1st President, George Washington:…
'We’re going to win so much, you’re going to be so sick and tired of winning'
RT Only a monster would encourage, support, or execute this policy. If no one in the administration can come up with a bette…
Starts with "magic" and then moves to "a stork" and then "birds and the bees" and then "go ask your mother"
Way to go #ThreeLions !!
RT Germany sucks in a world cup, England wins a penalty shootout, cats and dogs, living together, mass hysteria.
RT Legacy applications slow organizations down 📉. Modernize your applications with #identitymanagement and stay ahead of the compet…
So... New York City? 😋
RT Amsterdam drained a canal and put everything they found online, organized by time from 1300 - present day... from pokemon…
Here are 5 security features that make interesting for your next project!
RT During #Identiverse I sat down with the Solution Review guys to chat about identity, and the role of developers in our…
RT Google speaks to why open clouds matter more now than ever. Read the Google blog for insights from the newest Platinum…
Nothing really surprises me anymore with him
#community #communityHighFive
I would say when conversations start happening about both, in sort of a mitosis-stage for that community/ecosystem
….until Belgium woke up and poured it on
More leaders need to call him out for his ridiculous statements and attack the lies and misdirection with truth, with facts. That goes for anyone - not just talking points and reshared posts from your 3rd cousin - but actual facts.
RT Why didn’t you say something? I did. Why didn’t you push him off? I did. Why didn’t you cuss him out? I did. Why did…
Well - here we go.... "It’s official: the Trump administration has replaced family separation with indefinite family detention" via
RT Google Becomes a Platinum Member of The Linux Foundation, via
RT Open Source News Roundup for June 22, 2018, with news about Linux, FreeRTOS, SageMaker, and much more!
2 days later a wacko shoots journalists. Absolutely not saying these things are related (don't look to be at this point), but they also don't happen entirely in their own bubble, especially when Trump echoes fascism with the Free press being the enemy of the people.
I completely agree. Also, I see this thread going somewhere very quickly that'll leave us all avoiding eye contact the next time we're in public together.
Maybe, but a good one nonetheless. I have seen countless people try to hammer a nail into the proverbial knot in the wood instead of stopping and hammering into a softer spot. Perseverance in that case would have wasted time, energy, the hammer, and the nail.
This would be hard to take, but considering the number of actual Nazis campaigning - maybe the should examine why their party is so easy for Nazis to exist in?
RT A growing share of Americans (55%) say the Supreme Court should base its rulings on what the Constitution “means in current t…
Ahh nice - can probably adjust so you can give your own nickname to someone
Not sure I follow this but I feel like I should use it
Say you're sorry and apologise to random people?
Also heard from someone that "the sun will come out tomorrow"...
Yep - the chemistry that Messi and Aguero have is always evident when they are on the porch together
That person who took their 4yo to see Jurassic World 2 deserves the sleepless nights they will receive
#FailingForward
RT World Cup 2018 what a scintillating life experience you are. No USA. Ronaldo Messi, and Salah all crashed out. Yet this tou…
RT Most Americans who encounter immigrants who do not speak English well aren’t bothered by this. htt…
We have such a great example.. .
Smell of 💩 more likely
So do smells
Words matter.
This is great but what happens if/when it doesn't happen?
RT Just 27% of Americans say that giving people who are in the U.S. illegally a way to gain legal status is like rewarding th…
RT Open source isn't just about code. Mozilla's spoke with about applying open values to the realms of s…
The whole thing that is frustrating is they put party above country here. Wait till he is voted into the primary THEN denounce him after he's already there.
"...that’s an old story and it has shown itself to be powerful in societies all around the world. It is a deliberate, systematic effort to tap into that part of our brain that carries fear in it.” - (
“Fear is powerful. Telling people that somebody’s out to get you, or somebody took your job, or somebody has it out for you, or is going to change you, or your community, or your way of life..." [1/2]
So here's the thing - sure the North Carolina GOP pulls support for this white supremacist, but ONLY AFTER he wins the primary. All of his statements (including "God is a racist white supramacist" and "Jews are descended from Satan") were publicly visible - the knew.
Aww shucks... I love you too mate
RT The job of a journalist is to find out what is true and report it to the people. Democracies end/dictatorships start…
RT A shooting in a newspaper office after years of journalists being called the enemy of the people. I’ve heard so many Trump su…
RT The shooting at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis is an attack on our First Amendment and our most fundamental rights.…
RT Earlier this month powered a #hackathon at Going #Serverless allowed participants to focus on thei…
This is why the pick for SCOTUS is such a big deal. Especially when Trump and his administration / campaign is under investigation. Charges that will be brought forward will inevitably end up at the Supreme Court, making his pick the likely swing vote.
Yep. I do.
Seems kind of selfish don't you think?
Depending on where you're at when it happens you may be in international waters and society rules are off the table. That being said.... Keep moving and hitting the seat
If you've got it use/flaunt it
Oh I agree and usually do the same.
Hate harms the soul.
SAD! Bigly disappointed.
Here it is in gif form for future sharing pleasure
But... What about us tall people that by leaning back the seat we get a better angle so we can extend our legs?
RT A picture that just about sums up England's evening. #WorldCup
For an American I do know a fair bit about football... Can't so that about our USMNT sadly 😋😂🤣
Rashford seems "spooked" and Vardy is just a poor choice. They clearly weren't out to win as much as get the "scrubs" some playing time. Same with Belgium, but their B Team beats England's.
I like Belgium and Sweden for the final two
This. Harrassment is not ok regardless of gender.
RT 4 months away from an election, there should be no consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until the American people hav…
The big thing about this order in my mind is that if Trump Admin balks at this they either a) admit they have no idea how to do this, b) don't know where all the kids are and who to return them to, or c) are insensitive. I don't see another explanation for why they would balk.
RT Here it is, plain and simple. McConnell set the rule. Now, he and Senate Republicans need to follow it. No vote on…
The slides from my talk "Community - what is it good for?" At #DCBERLIN18 has been uploaded to
Sure. Will try to do tomorrow. A bit preoccupied at meetup after #DCBERLIN18
Entirely appropriate given O'Connell hypocritically declaring Obama appointee DOA due to an upcoming election
Do you love learning new technologies and writing tutorials on how to use them? Want to get paid and have your content pushed to a wide audience? Want to make money while doing so? Join Guest Author Program -
RT Slack went down for a bit and teams learned what it was like to look each other in the eye and talk... you know like the old da…
Sir, you do not answer to Trump. You have a responsibility to hold the Executive Branch accountable to following the Constitution &amp; to take appropriate steps when that does not happen. Who cares what the media does. Do what's right. That's character. Character matters, remember?
RT Slack is down at work and my coworker just slid this to me.
Wait... This is a thing? 🤯
RT Lauren Boebert’s boyfriend: 1) threw a drag event at his bar 2) took Boebert to the theater Only one of those ended up…
Fucking stupid that "Following" shows hardly any of the tweets from the people I have engaged with over the years, while "For You" shows me the recent tweets of those same people
They're probably selling them on Etsy
I've had these multiple times, and have this same reaction. "I like it, I think? I don't remember , so I'll order it again."
God... This reminds me of my days at Sprint, when the industry numbering systems all ran on Excel workbooks
You know, there is some correlation
Amazing 🤩
Nothing enforces how soft we Americans tend to be, than realizing that most of Europe uses strips of cardboard to wipe their ass, and we get butt hurt (of course the pun is intended) if we have less than 6-ply Charmin
I'm having a hard time figuring out what the hell he's getting at
Got you boo
"One size fits all" doesn't quite apply to "footies"
Lol yeah headed to Bilbao now as well
RT You’ll never go wrong by making the web more accessible!
I guess what you really meant to say was "... not to the theatre where I'll be vaping and jacking off my date"
Hey this you?
Also...
Yeah, they're branching out
Yeah with my reddish tint my stylist gets creative as well
Looks amazing Betty!! I use the shampoo and it definitely helps. I'm not sure the actual colour itself, but I do know the hair stylist used a "double pigment" process? ¯⁠\⁠(⁠◉⁠‿⁠◉⁠)⁠/⁠¯
Yeah we are at Pontecarlo down the street
What time will everyone be arriving?
Smoke signal emojis
You're expecting them to have proper English?
RT Super excited for my talk on the #StateOfKotlin at 12.20 in Oreo today! #DCBerlin18
#soon... #DCBERLIN18
Coming up at 1105 in Cupcake Room - I haz stickers #DCBERLIN18
"The future of software is built on communities." - #DCBERLIN18
. speaking at #DCBERLIN18 about formation and company processes and lessons learned
RT All set for 2018 🚀 The Auth0 Safe is waiting. Do you have what it takes to open it 💰? Stop by booth #200 for your…
RT Identity management can be a tool that enhances ✨ your onboarding efforts to help you create great user onboarding experiences 💯…
European trip objective achieved. #donerkebab
Some great games being played at the #DCBERLIN18 Day 1 After Party, from the largest foosball table I've seen to large-block Jenga
RT By upholding President Trump’s travel ban, the justices have sent the message that the administration is free to turn p…
RT As Auth0 debuts in the June 2018 #GartnerMagicQuadrant for Access Management, and discuss Auth0’s immediat…
Open source sustainability – TechCrunch
Perfect world view from on using #KotlinAllTehThings to blur the lines of native and web #DCBERLIN18
#DCBERLIN18 opening keynote with talking about "Blurring the line between native and web"
"Android is dominating the Enterprise" via #DCBERLIN18
Fantastic move by Droidcon Global, connecting all Droidcon events and attendees
#DCBERLIN18 is about to start! Excited to be at my first
What a fantastic way to enter Gartner's MQ!
RT Open standards should be table stakes for everyone - but won’t be enough to save you from vendor lock-in
Remember when he was the "law and order" candidate?
Looking forward to this talk by at #dcberlin18
RT Dive into #Docker: The Complete Docker Course for Developers from
Handy guide for real-time charts
If you want to know why community is like a watermelon, make sure to come to my #DCBERLIN18 talk on "Community - what is it good for?"
RT 30-Year-Old NES Still Wasting Life Playing Video Games
RT Introducing the CoreOS project, and what it means for Container Linux and Red Hat CoreOS
RT Stay ahead of the frontend curve with the Glossary of Modern JavaScript 📖💯 1️⃣ → 2️⃣ →
Excellent.
Also goes all the way back to the 1890's as well (U.S. vs. Won Kim Ark), identifying that "person" is anyone in the US
Lol yeah. I'm personally frustrated with people who can't handle someone not agreeing with them or believing something different.
Can someone make him a picture book of the Constitution so he'll actually read it?
Very important questions about #SpaceForce
Part of the problem, maybe a large part, is that he shipped them all over the country and doesn't know where they are.
This is unconscionable...
RT Wow. #threelions
Just turn it into fear and loathing for Everton this next Premier League campaign
I am in the SAS lounge in Oslo and it's much the same! Go England!
I don't believe that Panama is this bad, it's just that England is playing that well
They are certainly trying a lot of it on each set piece
One more day...
RT Just toured Port Isabel ICE Detention Center in TX. It was horrifying, shocking &amp; very eye-opening. Thread to follow....
But... #Brexit was awesome and would save money!
Great seats for a great match!
You're not wrong...
RT We share everyone's concern about the border situation and stand ready to help. We have offered assistance to federal gov't a…
You added a bunch...
Definition of besmirch besmirched; besmirching; besmirches transitive verb : sully, soil besmirching her reputation You're welcome.
#RacistComingOutParty #RacistReveal #JustAnotherRacist
🇺🇲 =&gt; 🇳🇴 =&gt; 🇩🇪 for #DCBERLIN18
RT How to set up authentication and authorization in #PHP applications / via → #phpdev #au…
So it's not okay for her to be refused service based on someone's feeling about who she works for, but it is okay for someone who is gay and marrying their love to be refused service?
Phillips won his case.... Thus confirming his right... Klein's case is different and is being appealed to Supreme Court for ruling. So the current precedent is you can in fact refuse service, though the reasons to do so are vague.
And in case she takes it down... Here is her tweet
This is pitiful, using her official account to target a private business using their lawful right to refuse service.
RT . is feeling the progressive bros aka the ‘Brogressives’ #LSSC
I have an extra ticket I will donate to the cause!
Good! Because for a moment there I thought that's what you were saying and a little bit of me died inside.
Wait... Fight Club is a dad joke/movie?
Want to know if you can identify Fact vs. Opinion? Take this quiz:
RT JUST IN: Time magazine standing by the cover:
RT Supreme Court rules warrants required for cellphone location data
RT What is data security and why it's so important? We've made this article to get you started thinking about what it means to keep…
Good the is better off without him.
RT Excited to announce our new Starter Plan 🙌!! You and your customers can now add new features and business rules to your #SaaS…
Join me at the Community Leadership Summit next month. I'll have stickers and maybe a t-shirt or two to give away
#opensource is a good thing
RT The free, automatic, and auto-renewing certificates you get for your site when you buy a domain on ...only possi…
RT "Whenever they used to restrain me and put me in the chair, they would handcuff me:" Immigrant children as young as 14 housed at a…
RT They allege they were beaten, their bones broken, bags put over their heads, and a specialist says she saw the results, physi…
Don't listen to the old, cranky Scot... They are delicious and awesome!
RT Here’s the thing: Trump made it a big signing ceremony to make it look like he did something good, instead of admittin…
RT Openness online is not guaranteed — it’s always under attack. In our latest #internethealth Report, we examine threats to op…
Agree. But when has that stopped this Administration?
RT Just yelled “Encryption of data in transit is not the same as encryption of data at rest!” at a journalist on the car radio be…
Wow - rocking the speeds today!
RT #WebAuthn aims to provide a secure, #passwordless authentication flow that can be used with hardware tokens, smartphones, and we…
RT #KansasCity voters say YES to the #kcstreetcar Main St Extension with more than 75% of the vote. Let’s build this streetca…
RT Debian GNU/Linux 8 "Jessie" Has Reached End of Security Support, Upgrade Now
Here's a good rundown of where we stood and now stand
This isn’t a GOP law - it’s a Trump mandate that modified the existing law. Rescind the mandate and we go back to the law already in place.
The law that was in place was that they are kept together and then went before an immigration judge to hear their case for asylum, etc. The Zero Tolerance Policy changed that and charged the adults with a crime, thus separating the families. Rescind and we go back to the law.
Naming the last three presidents doth not an argument make. The “Zero Tolerance Policy” put in place by Trump/Sessions/Miller which charges the parents separates the families - that is what should be rescinded. Fact.
If you haven't already, you need to check out
RT Learn how to create secure, modern, and production-ready applications with and Lambda ☁️🚀 →
RT America has become what we used to fight against. This is so sad. Goodbye UN Human Rights Council
Great advice from at - "Learn from other industries, do not take on their stresses."
This. Illegal immigration is that - "illegal". The law in place is to detain the family (TOGETHER) until they can be processed and deported. Trump/Sessions/Miller's "zero tolerance" policy changed the "game" and now they separate the families.
RT "Culture" is an ambiguous concept. demystifies #TheOpenOrg
#Trumpism succinctly summarized
RT A unified OpenStack for a scalable open infrastructure #Cloud #OpenStack
RT After two years, 220 screens, and 120,000 lines of javascript, we're moving away from React Native at Airbnb. I tried to summar…
I look forward to an entertaining chapter then
RT Open source is the de facto facilitator for cross-project work and innovation, says SUSE's Thomas Di Giacomo:
"Bestest words not deeds"
Heh.. Troopers was/is a special kind of cheese
Man that brings back memories...
RT Like many, I've resisted using this word but it's time: the deliberate and unnecessary separation of innocent children f…
Did Trump watch Starship Troopers over the weekend and decide that "Wow that's a really good idea! Let's start a Space Force!" #PleaseStopTheInsanity
Bwahaha
This couldn't be a tit for tat for helping pay for the Trump Inaugural Bash (that no one wanted to perform at) could it? Nah.....?
Very good thread on the law and what is actually happening #FamiliesBelongTogether #FamiliesBelongTogetherAct
Mr - if you support what she said, then are we to assume that you'll stand by that support and endorse the #FamiliesBelongTogetherAct? It only stands to reason you would vote your conscience...
Trump trips all over himself trying to undo Obama's policies, but on this one that he says is an Obama policy (FACT: it is not) he mysteriously chooses not to undo it. You have to wonder why... #FamiliesBelongTogether
Perfect from
RT Like all tools that make use of #cryptography, JWTs should be used with care 👐. Read the best practices for keeping your JWTs se…
Calling my Senators and - will you stand up for what is right? For what is decent? For what is honourable?
This is an important thing to understand - ethics is absolutely important to how we deal with laws which are unjust and barbaric. #ethicsmatter #charactermatters
Yes, which is why there was concern and uproar around Mattis (I think it was) being SecDef
RT Do you ever dream 💭 of creating your own game? Now it’s your chance! Let’s build a game with , Redux, and SVG 🎮👾 1️⃣ &gt;…
However they are the Commander-in-Chief and as such are the head of the military and being saluted by the military is appropriate and returning the salute TO YOUR OWN MILITARY is appropriate. Only place it's appropriate.
The silence from the on this is deafening. This is not #FakeNews - this is real, and our President has saluted a general of a foreign power and they see no problem with this.
I may or may not have experience in this matter.
I am suggesting that we recognise the problem and work towards a system where we acknowledge that people have worth regardless of their lot in life or what their circumstances, and that those fortunate help those who are not. I'll take this offline with you sis. Love you.
A family of one is a valid use case and target market.
Why must the answer be to always swing to the other side of the pendulum? The early Church "shared everything they had. They sold their property and possessions and shared the money with those in need."
Not disagreeing with you at the core of your statement, but capitalism is an outward expression of the problem you state.
Capitalism at its core is about gathering as much stuff as possible, irrespective of who gets in the way. Capitalism itself goes against the very tenets of Christianity, by making life about self instead of your neighbor.
Completely agree on focusing on the game, but he got fouled 10 times (that were called) - he was targeted from the onset.
RT 89' ⚽️... 😳😲 Pin this goal tweet to the moon. keep it in your top-10 until 2039. don't show…
This is so true... Our capitalist mindset pushes this greed and desire for fulfillment from things we attain instead of things we do for others.
I know a few... come to mind immediately
Spot on. The Evangelical Christian Church in America has largely forgotten the commands from Scripture to protect the disadvantaged, the homeless, the oppressed. It's sad.
To be honest I am a fan of both and - each have their place and bonus points - but the Web IDE from Gitlab makes editing online so much nicer and more intuitive than GitHub.
I love our tutorials!
Well of course he would have no background in science and have a bunch of conflicts of interest.. that's par for the course in this Admin at this point. No one is qualified for their post.
He hasn’t had his World Cup regimen of human flesh yet… Give it time.
Good leadership advice
AMEN! “To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
RT The silence on this from Republicans still pisses me off.
RT Our dehumanization of our fellow children of God is a blinding, pernicious path. First, we say “they’re not the best peo…
It's almost like this was the plan all along.....
RT Imperva makes itself look bad with clickbait attack on Auth0 claiming flaws and vulnerabilities that don't exist.
RT We're open sourcing GIF for CLI to celebrate GIF's 31st birthday 🎉 This command line tool converts GIFs and short videos int…
Solid analysis and opinion on MS acquisition of GitHub #opensource
Rushmore is a fantastic movie
Well of course they do. /smh
Fun fact - "Brave" is my favourite Pixar film. "Up" is not even close in 2nd place.
The things listed are the very reason I love working at - and we are hiring! #remotework
RT I recommand listening to this #podcast on #Serverless, #Containers and Application #Operations from Analysts…
RT Chris Murphy, a senator from Connecticut, makes a plea for gun control to mark the second anniversary of the Pulse nightcl…
SSO. Made Simple.
Actually: "However, Fifa president Gianni Infantino said the issue of all three hosts - Canada, USA and Mexico - being given automatic slots is still to be decided, with discussions set to take place in the next few weeks.”
Which is a bit interesting given 3 host countries... Also it was a bit tongue in cheek... if anyone could figure out a way to miss the World Cup it would be the USMNT
Now let’s hope we make it =)
RT Want to win an Echo Show? ✅ Interested in building 🏗 #Alexa 🤖 skills to make Alexa do your bidding? ✅ Come see #…
"Defense Secretary Jim Mattis used an approach that aides say can work: “He says, ‘Your instincts are absolutely correct,’ and then gets him [the president] to do the exact opposite of what his instincts say,” said one person close to the White House. But he then went with it.
I don't see Trump liking this, nor signing it, given that the Trump Org received funding and deals as a result of him promising to prop up ZTE (
This is sportsmanship
That's awesome. Look forward to it!
And then, in his usual style, Trump was thinking out loud about the “great condos” that might one day be built on the “great beaches” of North Korea. “I explained it,” he said. “You could have the best hotels in the world. Think of it from the real estate perspective.” Excuse me?
RT What the United States has gained is vague and unverifiable; what North Korea has gained, however, is tangible and lasting.…
RT We've been facing difficult computing challenges, but we have been working with open source communities to solve them,…
Hey! I look forward to meeting one of the team! Are you speaking or just attending?
RT Those who are certain failed &amp; those who are certain he succeeded at #TrumpKimSummit are both wrong. Real ans…
Looking forward to my first #DroidconBerlin where I'll be speaking on Community and what the heck it's good for - come join me! #DCBERLIN18
Certainly... I'll keep you posted as to my UK plans
I arrive Jun 23..
Is he giving you the cold shoulder? Or waiting for someone else he likes more?
That shirt then must make another appearance.
I'm assuming you survived to wear that glorious shirt again
I'll join you.
Really? I wonder if it's a regional thing as I've had this for quite awhile now.
RT We are at #GartnerEA! Come say hi 👋 and learn why you should never compromise on identity 🔐. We are at booth 211.
Facts About Phishing Attacks -
Who here in my timeline is heading to #DCBERLIN18 or lives in Berlin and wants to meetup?
. getting a bit saucy
RT FYI: Net Neutrality ends today. If you get an updated terms of service from Comcast, don’t delete this one. Read it.
“you're not ever going to progress, by definition, if you keep only doing the things you've done before” - #leadership wisdom from
Five Things That Every Leader Could Use to be a Better Leader via
Seems like a missed opportunity to use that new chainsaw
There have been some good ones from as well as - would need to find the specific ones I am thinking of though
I do hereby bestow +9001 internets
RT Donald Trump’s real war on the press has finally begun, writes James Risen.
Spontaneous bodily emissions are good ways.
RT Flutter now has 25,000+ stars on GitHub, putting us in the top 100 most starred GitHub software repos (excluding content-onl…
This is awesome news!
Yep. Completely agree. I won't lie, I want to try the burger. But this is ridiculous.
Yeah... What the burger?
RT #DCBERLIN18 is waiting for you! Only 4 days left until ticket prices will go up by €100! Get your ticket here:
This thread. I have been to Auschwitz. I have been to Birkenau. This. Is. Not. Ok.
So Trump says that he will use "my touch" and "my feel" to know if Kim is serious. What is the over/under in Vegas on how long until Kim tweets a #metoo?
RT I'm trying to figure out who Trump is playing to in sh*tting on Canada. Who the hell is it in the Republican Party who's…
RT Dan Rather trashes Trump at G7 for ‘coddling dictators while spitting in the faces of our best friends’
For clarification... Who would be doing the defecation?
RT Countries that have fought alongside US forces recently: Australia, Canada, UK, New Zealand, France, Belgium, and many…
Yeah, I use that after you suggested it awhile ago and it definitely works, but is a pain too
Which one is it you use?
"Pretentious as fuck" as a service
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis Landing and Recovery Director Liliana Villarreal -
Heh, well I have had some success keeping the colour in with the "colour safe" shampoo and conditioners (using conditioner more than shampoo of course), but the dry shampoo has been a mixed bag
Went a bit darker than I have in the past, and we shall see how quickly this permanent colour fades
True, but I don't think has much say 🤣🤣
Thanks you!
The quarterly conference prep has begun with a new colour/shade of blue, and might have to be the last until I find a new job... 🤞
RT Here's a great session coming up next week at the #CDMiniSummit Europe. In this panel, technology leaders
Today's Image of the Day: Accelerated Ice Breakup in Hudson Bay -
Proper 10x Developer status unlocked
So like an NFT? 😂🤣
The level of hypocrisy you're showing is off the charts, and shows how little character you have.
Today's Image of the Day: DROID 2 Captures the Wind -
I get in mid-day Sunday! What about you?
RT The only shocking thing about the Lauren Boebert incident is that a Republican was actually attending the Theatre to beg…
You got it!
I submitted to be a speaker at #ConFoo 2024, and seeing as they use voting as a way to help in the selection process..... PLEASE VOTE FOR MY PROPOSALS!!! 😁 🙏🏻
“To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
They needed to have users first....
As an employee you must have goals...
It was already official, but this further confirms we are living in a bizarro world
#RIPAnthonyBordain
#DevXcon #DevXCon2018 was fantastic!
I don't know about the slides, but they usually roll out the videos over the next few weeks
Based on a true story
So much to unpack here. Grammar - try using it. China has nothing to lose here, we have everything to lose. And ignoring what seems to be your opinion on a woman's place ("coloring books"?), it's men that have run our country to where it is now, or have you not paid attention?
#RIPAnthonyBourdain
RT The kicker on Bourdain remembrance is what I've long admired about him: he was always becoming a better man. ht…
Witness tampering at its best
RT Great meetup last night with &amp; Thank you to
YES! What a catch for AWS! Congrats Brandon!
RT So, let's see where we are. Closest allies alienated ☑️ Insane trade-war underway ☑️ Rule of law in peril ☑️ North Ko…
RT The Modern Identity &amp; 2FA meetup with , , and has kicked off with presenting on…
Yeah I would say so
A pretty decent sticker haul from this trip to SF... The secret of a good #devrel program is a killer sticker game.
Come out and hang with me at our Meetup tonight! I have stickers and limited number of t-shirts!
RT Ex-Fox News analyst shreds his former network: It’s a ‘destructive propaganda machine’ for Trump’
Ahh San Francisco... The smell of weed, urine, and freshly baked Subway bread
Good overview on #webauthn
This seems like a "duh" moment, but it is too often repeated. You can't provide anything for anyone until you know what their needs are.
Automated testing for validating #frontend with #cypress
#digitaltransformation to the rescue
If you're in #SanFrancisco make sure you come to our #meetup at PubNub with Twilio this Thursday, June 7
Her and are pretty awesome together, making a great team!
RT Video of our commercial as promised in my talk 🐿️🎣🐻🏕️ #DevXcon:
RT These should be the goals of _every_ meetup!! - engage with the community - create brand awareness - be authentic to the…
Learning about and their amazing Meetups from at #DevXCon2018
Great, FREE, online meetup
RT Excellent day at SF 2018 today. Great talks so far by Heroku, Slack, Stripe and others. Soooo much to think about. #de…
The level of entitlement and being above the law from every member of the administration is astounding
RT It's like these people don't realize they're acting like Anakin Skywalker late into Episode III.
Things are kicking off here at #DevXCon2018 #devrel #community
This has a lot of potential for great things to come!
Part of a great thread on security in browsers in 2018
RT What is the key to successful community engagement? It's all about going with the grain, say's Simon Phipps ( )Re…
Solid thread from on Stephen Miller and those like him in this Administration
In his own words he hires the best people...
Sure. And they have paying. The point here is there is an alternative which is good.
Sure. I don't see companies moving, but I do see open source projects and communities that are intrinsically suspect of large corporations making the move.
Not sure how I feel about this....
I think you make a really good point about the distrust #opensource projects and communities have of a company like Microsoft holding the keys to the kingdom
It's for this reason I personally see gaining ground as a result of this transaction
This is one of the joys, and benefits, of working with communities. Online is great and all, but there's nothing like meeting members of your community in person and connecting over food, drink, or at conferences.
#digitaltransformation is tough... We've compiled some tools to help
Try this?
AMC (Walking Dead) has it, other channels like FX do as well. They just usually keep it to evenings out of principle. My guess is in your case it was a 10p EST thing... Each network will make up their own rule around it. For further info:
This is real. Over 4600 died in Puerto Rico but the administration won't admit it. It is a travesty that PR was neglected but not unexpected of Trump
Oh and cable networks aren't controlled by the FCC... But they are accountable to advertisers. As a general rule they keep that to later evenings.
Ahh yeah that sucks. I am not sure if it's 10est that they can relax, or if it is 10p local time.. I have a feeling it's 10est
RT Dear Did you make another untrue statement? Or did you lie?
After a certain time of night I don't think they do? Aren't required to...?
RT Who is joining us tonight at the beautiful for the 2018 #BigSlickKC Party and Auction? Don’t forget - online a…
RT Announcing the #DevOps Pulse 2018!!! This year, we are featuring a special section dedicated to #security and #compliance. Take…
Going to be a fantastic time at #DevXcon!
Good read on DevOps/NoOps/DevSecOps - you name it
RT To say thanks to our awesome community, we’re giving away the Developer Package throughout June. Free access to Pusher…
RT Tonight’s #BigSlickKC lineup! Who you got: Team Blue or Team White? 🏆
RT Today we #WearOrange for National Gun Violence Awareness Day. Congress MUST show the political courage to stand up to t…
Before even really analysing Melania's tweet my first thought was that it wasn't her tweeting at all.
A great position at a great company!
RT We're ONE WEEK away from our joint meetup in San Francisco 🌉 with and at the PubNub's offices! We'll be…
If only 2018 could be put in timeout
#KSVote #vote #ksleg
RT Announcing Git protocol version 2, a major update which removes one of the most inefficient parts of the protocol and fixes…
RT Common threats in web application security, how to protect against them and mitigate their impact 🤺 → #…
What's good enough for #oof2018 is good enough for every other day of the year
When life imitates the you know we've gone off the rails - #ThisIsNotNormal
While true, in my case it’s my actual dancing that causes people to think me crazy because they _DO_ hear the music.
BREAKING PRODUCT IDEA: Rotating PPT presentation at a conference booth/table that shoots swag out like a rainbow out of a unicorn’s arse.
Listen to Weezer cover Toto's "Africa" - brilliant
Yeah... but FB....
Grrrr... Yeah I really hope there's another option...
RT *There's* the racist dog-whistle I was waiting for, Trump not decrying Roseanne's language sends exact…
Anyone know of a service where you can build a meet up community and it be free instead of the minimum $10/mo that charges? Or at least a freemium model?
RT 4,500. 50% more deaths than 9/11—and we weren't even told about it until now. Nor does Trump care about it. But we've…
This app is awesome.... #carrotweatherapp
It's here too...
I reject that gross oversimplification..... Also you forgot the " ' " in "Muricans"... Get it right mate!
You accepted that as payment? I expected better of you...
That's not an excuse. What was it doing _in_ the house?
Happy #opensource Birthday to #reactjs
And I can finally use my AKG headphones with my #Oneplus5t - good work!
RT . is looking for a Technical Content Lead to join Marketing! This is a fully remote position. Experience as an engineer…
Finally is fixing the AKG headphone issue on their phones... Or at least a supposed fix - will check when it's applied. Has affected the OP3/3T and OP5/5T since their release.
See!? Silver lining
Though... If you delete a few of your, well let's just say "unpopular" tweets, you get a mulligan. 💪🏌️‍♂️
Looking forward to these being distributed north 💪📩📪
I'm sorry you didn't have any better choice in beer....
This is how I usually do my travel mugs - fill them, let them sit open for a few minutes and then put the lid on. I've lost too many taste buds over the years.
All the winning
RT #AngularMaterial allows you to create fast, beautiful, and responsive websites 🌈. Learn how to use Material by building…
RT President NO. Mexico will NEVER pay for a wall. Not now, not ever. Sincerely, Mexico (all of us).
The greatest weather app is on point tonight! ftw
That's Amazon for you... Connecting you with things you never thought you needed or wanted.
It’s quite baffling how much Kobach has gotten away with, and with his contempt in court and being shown to be full of poop, I hope Kansas voters see through him and keep him out of the Governor’s office. #ksleg
This reply to his tweet was perfect
When pressed on it, Kobach said “You can’t solve the problem of tuition hikes across the board in Kansas higher education just by stopping in-state tuition for illegal aliens. It is a much bigger issue than that."
His base won’t read and investigate - they’ll take his tweet as gospel and proclaim it to be true. Same as Trump’s base (there’s no reason to suspect they aren’t the same base).
Good! Now prosecute!
RT When you claim #gdpr stifles your innovative business model, it’s clear to me that your innovative business model sucks for us users. Simple. #ThanksGDPR
Countdown to Trump praising her and supporting her views and calling out ABC for getting rid of her as unjust "ABC cancels 'Roseanne' hours after Roseanne Barr's racist tweet targeting Obama adviser" via
Bwahaha! Also, you owe me a new phone as I just spewed my drink all over it. Thanks in advance! #maragitmo
RT While there are many steps you can take to protect your own privacy, the real protection comes when we recognize that privacy is a team sport.
I have today off as well... So my 3 day week will be like
RT Community programs will always struggle to prove value if they're not tied to a goal. The goal doesn't have to be revenue…
Let me get this straight... Cohen, with known ties to Russian oligarchs and dirty money and who actively calls/called himself Trump's "fixer", is still the deputy finance chair? And they have no problem with it? Just want to make sure I understand correctly.
With a show of hands... Who believes him?
Depending on when I may be in the UK and will make whatever I can
RT The #MFA #API is now available 🎉. Explore how the API works while developing a CLI application 🤹‍♂️ →
The GOP for years pushed the rule of law, "facts matter", "character matters", &amp; an asundry other statements which they now invalidate with Trump. And to have Giuliani say "the truth is relative" &amp; the Right not lose their minds is something I'm honestly surprised at. #NotNormal
Words of wisdom
On this Memorial Day, I am thankful for the men and women who have given their lives in defense of our country, to protect the freedoms we enjoy. May we never forget their sacrifice, even as those same freedoms are under growing attack today.
Watching the match here at with the boys #SKCvCLB
Agreed. has been that in my opinion and sets the standard.
Good! #2FA should not be via SMS, much left giving Facebook your number
Rudy Giuliani flat out says they know Trump is headed for an impeachment decision &amp; acknowledges they're waging disinfo / psyops against the investigation to sway public opinion. To them, it's Rule of Politics vs. Rule of Law. Only one can win out.
A very important thread about the “Rule of Politics” and the “Rule of Law” and how Trump and his cronies are mixing them, right along with the MSM’s help.
There are no words strong enough to express the way in which our Administration is treating immigrants - CHILDREN even. We’ve allowed this to happen. Fear has crept in and caused us as a nation to do terrible things. These photos are real - they aren’t #FakeNews. They are real.
BREAKING NEWS: Apple to snub Siri for Google Assistant
I love a good Doctor Who reference
RT We believe in providing powerful building blocks 🏗 for our users. That's why, today, we are introducing a new #API — built on…
RT The FBI warned Trump in August 2016 that the Russians would literally **try to infiltrate his campaign**
Yeah, no. perform the test at your earliest convenience.
Hmm - you have a point there mate… There is a test you can perform for witches, which likely will apply for him
Two of me favorite Brits - also, Hi Gary!
And the rest of the world demands an answer from Ramos on his flopping and takedown of Salah
Use to be one of the pillars of America that we held other countries to...
RT #OAuth2 is one of the most popular authorization protocols. But how does it work and why it’s so important? Let's find out ✊ →…
Well, and when you don't have a phone.... Too soon?
Are you coming again? KC is my turf
They are cheesy though
Imagine that... And they were much more informed than our Congress... Figures....
this is exactly the "water meat" I was envisioning... 🚰🥩
You must approach the specimen with caution, offering the Panamanian Long-Island Ice Tea to entice it out into the open.
A rare breed of fauna... Highly intelligent but reclusive. Also known to sing karaoke well past 1a.
Or... Maybe don't follow them? Seems an easier way... #smh
Developer Experience is important for your #DevRel endeavors ( #devs + #ux = #dx )
He led a sheltered life
RT Happy #TowelDay world, galaxy and cosmos
If his sons want more pics of themselves shooting animals, maybe just get them a teddy bear to take a pic with? I doubt they'd notice the difference.
RT Open source Slack-alternative ships in 10.8 with muted channels, team icons, plus much more: Mattermost!
RT The Senate has passed its long-stalled legislation that would overhaul how sexual harassment complaints are made and handled on Ca…
Thinking back to that moment at the #OOF2018 when you step to the bar to get a drink for yourself and your colleagues only to have them leave this great wallpaper for you upon your return! h/t
RT Don't let "but I'm not an expert" stop you from publishing and presenting. Sharing and sparking excitement is as - if not more…
RT Thank you for your courage and sacrifice,
RT Learn how to use Django REST framework, and to develop 🛠 an application with a REST #API backend and a #…
RT Very exciting news this morning! Today we welcome to the portfolio. Looking forward to working with
Sounds like you need to speak to a supervisor and demand a new phone. 3rd replacement is poor process
RT I think everyone underestimates the agility bonus startups get from not having to deal with the amassed technical debt fr…
If you are going to be in #SFO June 7 join me at HQ with for a great meetup!
Important to know that Kobach's illegal voter suppression has failed and that the FEDERAL form will register KS voters
On the flip side... Most polls just get in the way
IRONYGATE! SAD!
RT Hint: true professional tools are never called "Pro".
RT #Identiverse speaker shout-out: Vittorio Bertocci, Principal Architect at Come see speak in Boston, June…
I'm thinking you're exaggerating the size of those "crumpets"
To all my #CommunityManager and #DevRel friends out there, what are some incentives you give your community members for participating? These would be intrinsic and extrinsic.
Heck - 1 out of 2 ain’t bad on a day off.
It sure is hard to see them when you keep your eyes closed and fingers in your ears.
The cold brew at is perfect… #remotework #coffee #Iamnotanaddict
I gotta make a trip to Leadville soon!
#cybersecurity in today's (and the future's) landscape is more important than ever
Check out a free online meetup around JAMStack
RT No one is an animal. Every person has infinite human dignity, including the worst of criminals. This is an essential Chr…
For a fun list of the security vulnerability nightmare Trump is, it's been widely reported his phone is a Samsung S3 (&gt;4 years old), browse through this list. Android 4.x are those affecting him, &amp; his phone hasn't received an update in at least 2 yrs.
Oh let this be true! #TheExpanse
Always a yay. Coffee is good at all times, at all times coffee is good. So say we all.
Agreed.
"You were speaking Spanish which is unheard of here in a predominantly English speaking state" "That's racial profiling" "No, you were speaking Spanish." :godzillaFacepalm:
RT Check out how is making serverless infrastructure more secure with JSON Web Tokens in episode 29 of fea…
I am sure you ensure it
Oh you poor man...
So cute! But what does that make ?
Gonto reads so fast that the books burn up - he needed another one for his library
This is so true.
Hard to argue with... An Uber minute though is at least 3 to every 1
PSA: never leave stickers unsupervised - a better place for them would have been in your suitcase to share. Now you know. Hence this PSA.
RT We are still looking for submissions, especially ignites, for DevOpsDays Chicago! The CFP closes at the end of this mont…
The most successful of all witch hunts - and it's still going!
Our #OOF2018 was fantastic and such a great time getting to know my coworkers and delve deep into the amazing culture we have at - here's to an amazing next year!
RT ICYMI: Your step-by-step guide to containerized Node.js applications with Docker:
#NothingBurger number N+1
RT If you follow right-wing media, he’s basically already been named. In other words, he’s blown, and I just hope the FBI…
Let's go #MUFC!!!! #EmiratesFACup #GloryGloryManUnited
Nice! Would love to catch up on what Gitpod is up to these days!
I'm going to be at #OSSummit Europe next week... Who else is joining me?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHLOE 🎂🎉!!
Going to disagree a bit here David, because on social media you have all sorts of algorithms to contend with, especially with this hell hole, requiring more than just "engaging" content to get it in front of people.
RT I’m VERY excited to announce an opening for a Senior Developer Experience Engineer, focused on Community here on the Cl…
Me three! 💖
Yep, sounds about right at a startup where everyone needs to be involved in a number of things
RT Great question. Sure, if you want fast, automated deployments, you should probably invest in your test suite, instrumentati…
OMG! When I saw this the other day, I completely missed the focal point of the picture!! Congrats you two!! 🎉 So happy for you both!
Today's Image of the Day: Frank Rubio Breaks NASA’s Single Spaceflight Record -
Great quote from during the #StateOfDevOps livestream, when discussing the challenges that ChatGpt, Copilot, and other tools have created LIVE NOW:
Excited to be watching the #StateOfDevOps with , with some amazing participants! Can't wait to hear the thought that is ruminating on here 👇🏻 (cc: who's also in the photo but can't be tagged) LIVE:
The Madagascar team is the bestest!
RT 📖Moving Developer Relations Forward - wrote a series on Developer Relations, and how we can move it forward…
RT 🥑The new issue of Developer Avocados 🥑 Weekly is out - 📝Content from
And wouldn't, as a convicted felon, they lose all rights previously afforded them? The law in general speaks to this for regular citizens (no one above the law), and I don't believe that the Constitution says anything otherwise, but I'm not completely certain.
Today's Image of the Day: Snowy Egret Searches the Waters -
Ahh, we got a thoughtleader here
RT Twitter on 9/11. Yeah, good going and
Turns out - it was Laurel.
"Remote work: 9 tips for eliminating distractions and getting things done" via
Congrats Ado - well-deserved!
Honoured to be able to work for a company that values our culture and values enough to bring us all together to one amazing place! Thanks #OOF2018 #Panama #remotework
Preparations for our all-company photo shoot at our off-site #OOF2018
RT ‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens
RT Opinion: It’s right there in plain sight
Has got to be my all-time favourite #LOTR quote.
RT We are #OOF2018
Day 1 had some awesome ideas in the company Hackathon at our off-site. More to come today! #OOF2018
RT I'd like to announce our third Keynote speaker, for the #Seattle API City Conference. Have you purchased yo…
AMA session with CEO and the marketing department at #OOF2018
Trump's "These aren't people. These are animals." statement about the people we're deporting is reprehensible &amp; that's not even strong enough. That he is a deplorable bigot shouldn't even be a debate &amp; yet he gets another pass from the GOP and his base - revealing true colors.
RT Tillerson while addressing graduating cadets yesterday: "If we do not as Americans confront the crisis of ethics and integrity i…
RT 📢 Announcing another big milestone! $55M in Series D funding that will allow us to continue our mission to provide the most ext…
RT The Senate just voted 52-47 to begin debate on #NetNeutrality — a very good start. Later today we will vote on passage.…
This.
An example of why #2FA via SMS is a security risk - best to use MFA via apps like Guardian or Google Authenticator
RT Auth0 Engineering Bootcamps 🏅 — Camp #2: Excellence 🎯 🗓 When: June, 2 weeks, 4hs per day. 📍 Where: Auth0 BA HQ 🇦🇷 📖 What: Excel…
RT For now, we recommend you disable PGP integration in email clients to combat the #efail flaw. If you have old emails you need to…
Excited to be part of our 2020 future!
Mine was great! How was yours?
RT Auth0 snags $55M Series D, seeks international expansion by
RT Was so excited when they asked me to do this. Wish I could have been there in person! Congrats on 5 years, and…
RT Poor identity management can be the weak point in your cybersecurity strategy 🔓. Use #IAM to build an impenetrabe defense 🏰 → h…
RT "Disinformation is the defining feature of the Trump administration, which has both embraced and uniquely benefited from i…
Made it to #OOF2018 ! Let the festivities begin
It's happening! #auth0 #OOF2018
RT This is not a drill the FCC just announced #NetNeutrality ends on June 11 unless we stop it retwe…
Don't be that guy
Info to be posted tomorrow on the #PGP critical vulnerability... See thread for more info
You know you are in an airport when the smell of Cinnabon is mixed with tap beer #OOF2018
The most successful witch hunt of all witch hunts
And I'm off to #OOF2018 in Panama with
IMPORTANT! If you use #PGP take note and read quickly
#Brooklyn99
Carrick receives rousing Old Trafford send off Thank you #MUFC
The setup from was classic Michael Carrick. Thanks for the memories! #mufc
RT Every single one of us. ❤️
#TheExpanse needs picked up by - perfect location for it
Fantastic piece from on grief, how everyone handles it differently, and how the best thing you can say is “I am here when you need me- let me know what you need”.
It'll be happening... We need a team dance #oof2018
Ahh that makes more sense - early afternoon for me on Monday - I'm (almost) all packed up and ready to go #OOF2018
dang it - you're getting there early! I wish I had tried to come in a day early
So there's something that is right in the world #NineNine #Brooklyn99
RT Was Oliver North aware of the Contras’ drug trafficking? Yes. Did he try to shield one of “his” cocaine traffickers from…
RT This is what conservative intellectuals have been reduced to in the age of Trump: a comparison that is, for anyone with a…
Though they sometimes have the same effect of a monkey flinging poop
RT There are few things more viscerally horrifying to contemplate than being forcibly separated from my daughter, particularl…
Agreed. Solid #scifi
Yeah the kid in the back is traumatized
Isn't that the selling point of ?
RT I'm SHOCKED. And by "shocked" I mean, in no way shocked at all.
RT There are many ways to contribute to an #opensource project beyond as a contributor or maintainer. Check out
RT Auth0 has joined the 🏛 to collaborate and provide insight on creating a standards-based ecosystem for managing…
This will be one of my views this next week for our company offsite #OOF2018 #Panama
Yep, the real S2 (i9100). The carrier versions were atrocious in comparison
Awesome - is my new favorite airline
RT The 1st of 8 great CEOs &amp; companies I get to work w/: Eugenio Pace at Auth0. Auth0 is creating next-generation authentic…
RT If what you really want is what Donald Trump is, what he does, what he says, how he says it, his values, his vision of an…
RT Slices &amp; App Actions are Android P APIs that bring your app's content to Google Assistant
The rate of falsehoods in the Iran deal speech was an over achievement for somebody does this on a regular basis
RT Trump, Jared, and Cohen began selling the presidency before Trump was even president. Can you imagine what Trump and his…
Long overdue in my opinion
OR - use the address of that neighbor you weren't especially close to - so as you travel they’ll be reminded of you, and as the saying goes, “absence makes the heart grow fonder"
Excited for my first all-company offsite with - the commitment to doing this as part of our culture is yet another thing I love about us! #OOF2018 #panamaherewecome #panamaVanHalen
I would think they use the address of a relative or friend?
RT Leadership is a skill that can be learned ✅. Auth0 CISO shared tips on how to be a better leader at
"Auth Zero"
That's quite a handshake
Also, #preordered!
So excited for this book and congrats on getting it pushed through!
RT McCain on Gina Haspel’s CIA nomination: “Her refusal to acknowledge torture’s immorality is disqualifying.”
#vimproblems are real
The times they are a-changin'!
I strongly urge my Senators and to show their moral compass and vote against Gina Haspel
This is not OK and smells of a cover-up at the highest levels.
I get the importance of classified information - but I honestly don't recall this happening in the past for CIA nominees...
RT Gina Haspel ran a series of clandestine torture palaces at a time there was an international consensus that torture viola…
You have quite a career ahead for you
RT Without #NetNeutrality, your cable company controls how you listen to music, where you get your news, everything you do online.…
Agreed - I think that is something which will push adoption of Chromebook into the dev sector.
RT 📣 Auth0 CEO and Co-founder has been named a finalist by for its Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2018 Award in th…
Woohoo!
This is huge, making the Chromebook an even better option for a lot of developers
RT Full statement from Obama:
Good #opensource move by /
However the two examples they gave of real calls with different interactions was interesting
Instead of actually being about kids and supporting life, #ksleg has their heads up their bums (again)
You can recover with a simple, "I'm not from around here" followed by "but tell me what makes Texas so awesome!"
Underdillo... You need to get your terminology right if you're going to win this.
Hmm - might have to put that into the queue of things to watch sometime in life when I am on bed rest
Also don’t worry about all of us counting on you… Vegas oddsmakers already have you at 8:1 odds, and I’m planning my retirement from what I am placing on you. No pressure though. Stay loose.
Practice makes perfect. Use the breakout sessions to find the perfect armadillo... Be ruthless in its training.
So what exactly is the show about? The commercials never seem to cover it
I've heard you're supposed to fake it till you make it... But that seems dangerous
Make it rain
Ahh.. the #ksleg never ceases to amaze... "Proposal to end anonymous bills in Kansas hits roadblock"
Which should be one of the biggest indicators that you should not buy
#bam4kansas
Thank you for all you've done for the #android community, whether they knew/know it or not. Glad to call you a good friend. Our next round is on me mate.
A good exercise in what it takes to create a #vpn with #openVPN
He's saying this to goad Trump as Trump stated that anyone who takes the fifth must be guilty.
RT BREAKING: Giuliani implies the remaining $1.1 million Cohen mysteriously accrued—from Trump and loans—in the last 90 days…
RT dev #community friends 😍 I was fortunate to b chosen to participate on a special feedback session with #Google VIPs during…
RT Learn from our customer and partner AVEVA how they are using Extend to enable new insights from device data, including sailbo…
Don't forget #2FA as well
#ksleg keeping it classy
RT State of Republican Party 2018: -President who paid $130k to hide affair w/a porn star -Gov in MO who tied up a woman in hi…
RT Auth0 Extend is now 🔌, adding a hot $50/month Starter plan and #Node8 support 🚀 Reduce the backlog of your SaaS -…
RT This year at the Community Leadership Summit (on the 14th and 15th July 2018 in Portland) we are inviting people to submit d…
RT Bitwarden: The Secure, Open Source Password Manager You're Looking For
RT Want to learn about securing APIs? The next Auth0 Online Meetup is for you! Our guest speaker this month is a…
And while you're at it enable #2FA
#opensource all teh things
Nunes got a lot of exercise
RT 10 years ago today, the Marvel Cinematic Universe began. #IronMan
Watching #TheGreatestShowman with my wife and daughter tonight!!
Spot on article... However, his base doesn't care. They accept his lies as fact.
Connecting and with a Serverless Webhook via
Ahh... I do have kids and my daughter has made slime - which explains now why my contact solution went out so quickly....
I have sooo many questions… #whobuysthesetogether
This is excellent for anyone wanting to host their project on GitHub Pages
Wait... What?
RT N) So journalists are willing to demand that a comic hired to roast people apologize but they aren't willing to demand th…
RT #RxJS 6 is out 🎉! Explore the exciting additions and changes the RxJS team has included in this new release 💥🚀/cc
Part of a good thread about the Correspondent's Dinner
RT I’m going to be careful with my choice of words here. Is it worrisome at all that an anti-semite might win the Republican…
Ok then. Carry on.
RT A paranoid man, makes paranoid plans
Vulnerability and honesty are foundations for solid companies, communities, and personal relationships
Let me just put this here.... Kim Jong-Un is a better politician and deal-maker than Donald Trump. Let that sink in for a second, then read this thread.
Actually scratch that.... A lot of different emotions floating around in what I just watched. Everything Marvel has done since Iron Man has built to that moment and I am still trying to wrap my head around it. #nospoilers here, but if you haven't seen it, be prepared to be wowed.
There are no words.... Other than the ones I just used.... #InfinityWar
#InfinityWar about to hit with the kids at
If in a cocktail glass though? Is that ok?
Now this is interesting... Great work
RT (THREAD) Yesterday I discussed all the bombshell revelations deeply damaging to Trump in the HPSCI Majority Report. But t…
I did say "awkwardly"
Nice!
That just looks like you awkwardly traced the state of NY somewhere...
Nice! Where at?
Our culture and values are what first drew me to want to join the team!
MRW my daughter says "Hey Google, play AC/DC Back in Black on the kitchen speaker." #parentingwins
Yeah... However too often they are hiding their own issue and insecurities
Fantastic thread on what is contained in the HPSCI report which Trump says proves no collusion....
RT Join us for a webinar with Principal Analyst at as we analyze the current state of the #IAM industry an…
This.
I am so shocked... Trump trying to influence due process... "FIFA points to ethics rules after Trump tweet" -
These are good steps but I sure wish PGP support would find itself in Gmail one of these days
RT Hashing makes password storage secure and easier. Learn about the theory behind hashing, its benefits, and its limitations 🎯 →…
RT Trump's personal cell phone usage could be a national security threat. Together w/ we sent a letter to the…
MRW I realise it's not Friday....
Semper Fi
Both?
When he starts vibrating then you have a bigger problem
#serverless all teh things
RT Really think about this for a moment. How *bad* and conspicuously disrespectful of Americans' civil liberties did the w…
An alternative would be to ask him to share his secret scale to the rest of the world "Mr. Trump is 6'3" tall and a healthy 239 pounds"
RT To celebrate our partnership with we are giving away 3 tickets 🎟 for #WWCode Connect in #SanFrancisco 🙌 How to w…
Good practical advice for development teams
#GDPR ftw
It is slightly adorable that these old men thought they would hear something back without having to prod FB
That's a good even, round year for #skynet to become self-aware
Good starting point for #angularjs applications
RT Our next Auth0 Online Meetup kicks off tonight at 6:00pm PST with teacher Join us to learn how to…
At least he was a good enough doctor to accurately assess Trump and his health. /smh
RT The Node.js Project is set to push out the #nodejs10 release line today! What's to come in this release line? The
It's interesting the amount of (mis/dis)information &amp; GOP/White House talking points being pushed out the last few days around Comey, all while ignoring the real-life version of Sex, Lies, &amp; Videotape playing out inside the White House. #MostSuccessfulWitchHuntToEndAllWitchHunts
A nice thread on the Truth, Facts, and Lies ("Sex, Lies, and Videotape" was already taken) surrounding this administration
"Hire all the best people"
It is not about partisan politics, it's not about red or blue states, it's not about left or right. We must stand up to the tearing down of the rule of law and ideals that this country was founded on.
I'll be your Jeeves
Yep, a very common and real threat - and easier in many respects.
Let's put it this way, with the amount of #fakenews that he reads and retweets and the clickbait he opens I think we can reasonably assume that his personal phone is already compromised
RT Mike Pompeo’s brand of foreign policy doesn’t reflect America’s values, and won’t make us any safer. I urge my Senate collea…
RT Happy Monday! Here's one #RestingTuckerFace made up of other Resting Tucker Faces from every single episode of "Tucker Ca…
There is a disturbing correlation here
This is not ok.
RT “Sleepy eyes” is an anti Semitic term that was and is stilled used by neo- nazis groups relating to “how to spot a Jew.…
Adding to my list then...
I haven't started watching this yet.... Is it good?
Yes.
RT We're working on a free service that makes it easy for open-source Electron apps to update themselves. Want to help us tes…
Great 3-part (so far) series on using #Python , #flask, and #Angular with #Auth0
RT An #APFactCheck examines President Trump's statements on James Comey, simpler tax forms and currency devaluation.
Cooperation is one of the hardest things for any #opensource project
RT Final whistle blows. We have a message we'd like to share... Here's Johnny!!!!!!!!!!! #SKCvVAN 6-0 #ForGloryForCit…
While I do agree, I personally think what Discourse has brought about is a better way
#Node8 Migration for #webtasks is happening!
RT We encourage developers to learn more about how to contribute &amp; to start using our development tools. There are guides to…
Yep and we are getting our money's worth 😎💪🏆
How so?
The Trump Administration
RT (THREAD) This thread discusses the most significant passages in the just-released Comey Memos. I hope you'll read and sha…
This is really good from Jess, and really makes me rethink how I approach people using different tech, or different paths to having learned something. Don't fall into the stereotype trap. Thank you
Such a good boy!
This is great stuff, and totally agree. Continuous Delivery ftw!!
RT Continuous Delivery, high-performing engineering teams, and the Holy Grail Speaker: Attend the #ContinuousDel…
Aww you two! Love this!
Coming back #soon...
Bourbon creme whiskey (Gretzky's if you're wondering) in a Sonic Diet Dr. Pepper with EZ cherry and EXTRA real cherries is fucking fantabulous.
Today's Image of the Day: Opening the Hatch: Crew-6 Splashdown -
Oh my... I made the Heavybit #DevToolsDigest..... 🤯
Yessss!
Ah man! I miss !!
You're welcome
If you spend any amount of time in the terminal, I am really liking
I hear good things about "vim"?
RT so... what's your favourite new developer tool?
Come join me and an awesome group to talk about Dev Experience and Productivity. It's all about pizza, beer, coffee, and sparkling water, right?
RT Rough start for Kansas City's wide receivers 😳
RT LVIII here we come 😎💪
Ugh, really wishing I had been able to be there
Not just CA.....
RT Here's Rudy talking about the illegal leaks he received from the NYC FBI office. The best part is him saying "I expected…
Do you mean to tell me, that Android phones have had Face Unlock all this time, as far back as 2011? And that Apple didn't invent it? Must be #FAKENEWS....
Not sure on that, though I do know that they ask for a personal ID for those who are older who are joining and either quit their platform before or immediately start friending a lot of people.
RT Marsh has developed a blockchain solution for proof of insurance based on Hyperledger Fabric. Learn more:
So I guess I need to get my Android Things kit out.... Which means I need to remember where I put it
This is good - they’re a poop stain on our state. Also so shocking that a white person can be a terrorist! In America? Who knew!!!??? /smh
Great thread on the specific steps taken to get banned from #LinkedIn =)
Here at we have a plethora of great positions available! For Engineering department specifically: But across all areas we have great positions for engineers and non-engineers alike! #remotework
Interesting link up of the Cohen family's ties to Russian Mafia in NYC...
That’s awesome. Amazon says the title though is “Mastering Competitive Programming with Book"
RT New York Times: ‘When Trump saw Nikki Haley on TV saying Russian sanctions were coming the president grew angry.’ An…
This is great, but would be so much better if they brought in #PGP support and help with secure email adoption
I remember a time, not too long ago, when if a sitting president said this the and #Evangelicals would have a conniption fit of epic BIGLY proportions. My how times have changed. SAD!
RT Single Sign On allows you to: ⏳ Save time 🎣 Minimize phishing 😌 Eliminate password fatigue → #ident…
That's putting it lightly.... Look forward to reading her "Fascism: A Warning" book
RT I am excited to be running the Open Collaboration Conference as part of the Open Source Summit in Vancouver…
Excited to be able to attend this year's #DevXCon - come join me!
Has it been so long that people forget this is how PalmOS/WebOS worked, long before Apple did it and Android looked to implement? Matias Duarte created this at Palm and it's about time it made its way to Android like we've been speculating it would for years!
But, you know, the timing on this is simply coincidental… Trump is the toughest on Russia of any president in the history of presidents. He doesn’t have time to watch TV - he’s doing documents, all sorts of documents.
Auth0 Wins InfoSec 2018 Editor’s Choice Award! via
This is the beauty, opportunity, and challenge of #opensource
Yeah people are forgetting that this is basically how WebOS/Palm worked, and Duarte created it in Palm
On #LSSC: "When your lawyer, needs a lawyer, you might need a lawyer." Thanks and
For all your #angularjs and #angular devs / fans out there, join the next #OnlineMeetup with
Congrats to the team - though I think it's a bit funny that #DemocracyDiesInDarkness is the tagline on the but in order to read the articles you have to pay - thus keeping many in darkness on the site and requiring to go elsewhere... what gives?
Looking forward to #DevXcon put on by in SF this year - who all is going? What hotel(s) are you staying at? Any group chats spinning up to prepare?
Teh web is awesome
This would be fantastic thing - and would go a long ways to gaining credibility for #FoxNews. The problem I personally see here is that they just don't care unless their ratings take a dip, seeing as most of their programs are "opinion" not news.
Yup - me and a dictionary
Actually, that’s “поц” (Russian), or in the Queen’s English it’s “bell end"
You got quite a wake there...
Shocked am I...
Fair warning to my friends... if you share anything about #TWD or #FearTWD tonight before I am able to watch both, I assume that you fully accept the consequences of your actions and I will not feel bad about whatever retaliation I choose to employ. That is all.
Let's go #SportingKC
RT Today we stand with and remember the fans who tragically lost their lives at the Hillsborough disaster, which occurred on…
Very good question here and analysis in the thread... Everything Putin does is calculated to make Russia look stronger, and everything Trump is uncalculated and plays right into his hand.
RT 20 years of open source: We're stronger as one by via
Have you _seen_ his hangers on?
Is he trying to make a penis joke?
RT If we are worried about the suffering in Syria we should go back to accepting refugees.
I don't think he wrote it, instead I think it was a staffer. Perfect sentence structure, and no capitalized words.
Grab all teh things for your #identitymanagement needs!
RT Firing Rod Rosenstein would be a brazen attack on the Mueller investigation, the rule of law, and our democratic insitutiions.…
I publicly ask my Senators in Kansas to Vote NO on this unfit candidate /
RT From and Donald #Trump's 5 reasons to fire Rod #Rosenstein reveal true aim: Obstructing Robert #Mu…
RT I voted YES on Pompeo for CIA on the theory that he would be the “adult in the room.” I was wrong. I am voting NO on Pompe…
I believe Mr. trump said he would hire "only the best people" - I wouldn't bet that he's batting .100 on that so far.
Don't forget his diatribe about never announcing what he was going to do before he chose military action Which he's gone against multiple times already. Is there any doubt at this point that we are walking into #WagTheDog territory now?
Dang it.. so there goes "mowing my lawn" and "giving me a massage" from the available options. Are you free Saturday?
Yeah mate - small world. I live near Lenexa as well, and used to own Black Dog Coffeehouse so we've probably crossed paths over the years
Their illiteracy around anything from this century is doing a disservice to this country
Practical experience is valuable and we love FOSS here!
RT No one is above the law in the United States of America. No one.
But you know... It's so unfair
Or it’s perfect deflection - you know he knows but wants to get his lawyers to inform him on the legal way to answer.. And given the ignorance of those in Congress they won’t press him on it
I might need a new keyboard after reading this….
As a final note here - anyone can choose EU as a location for their data with Auth0 since 2015 -
For more information about our GDPR compliance and tools you can read the following: - - - -
#TheGoodOldDays
At Auth0 we are OpenID Connect and OAuth2 compliant ( / and have multiple connecting points in EU, AU, US and comply with all data laws accordingly
#YASSG (Yet another static site generator)
Cohen's lawyer starts to say "Donald" and has to correct himself....
Looks like you tripped
RT . explains signed tags, commits, and pushes in this Git/PGP tutorial:
I love working with communities
Wouldn't have to worry about that if he told the truth... SAD!
#MotherNature I am putting you on notice. This is not okay.
#bitcoin is #lit
RT When world leaders abandon the defense of basic human rights, they enable tyrants’ atrocities. It’s no coincidence that…
Is this a Saturday night excuse tweet?
I hope no one is injured. I also wonder what's on the 50th floor?
This is fantastic. If we can lower the average age as well, we can hopefully start to see real change. 70+yo white guys that have been in Congress forever are out of touch as we continue to see
RT Save of the season contender? Just another day at the office for this man 👇
Amazing match of football - one of the best I have seen in awhile. #MUFC Glory, Glory Man United!
Get it! #mufc
RT Does your team keep a glossary to make language more transparent and conversation easier? explains how to do it…
Me thinks if this were standard practice it would already be happening, not something they were requesting to be done
I hate vim.....
RT #Serverless Tutorial: File Storage with &amp; Cloudinary.
RT Register for our webinar on April 10 to learn about 3 #CIAM scenarios that challenge #B2C organizations 🛒 →
SMS 2FA is bad... Good write up here on how to do 2FA/MFA correctly
A simple, lightweight way to create a Twitter scheduler with and
RT No wonder is such a desirable place to work for so many in tech. They care deeply about diversity and inclusivity, a…
Snort... #devhumor
Yes they will (I forget the provider name) - but the issue is the spying and ads that happen as soon as you use the Chinese SIM. It's why I always use a phone I don't mind wiping and won't put personal stuff on when I travel there
Depending on the pollution, bring a mask. Also, check into a VPN like and avoid using local SIMs if you can. Google Translate works if you download the dictionaries ahead of time or you can use a specific app.
I prefer my fuschia putter
So glad we have a president who has been the toughest on Russia of any president before him
Feel free to DM us
RT Linux Foundation moves towards “Harmonization 2.0” with its open source networking initiatives:
Regardless of where you sit on the whole Immigration issue, Immigration Courts are a complete joke and arguably unconstitutional. Good piece from
At we are hiring for just about everything, including #DevRel and Community (think cross between frontend Dev and community advocate) -
Thank you for what you gave this season - we wouldn't have been in the Final Four, much less won the BIg 12 for a 14th consecutive year without you. Good luck at the next level! #RCJH #KUbball
RT Discover the power of business blockchains &amp; distributed ledger technologies with an overview of Hyperledger &amp; its key fra…
RT Having your PGP keys stolen can be very damaging; learn how to keep yours secure:
RT Survey finds the following creates attractive #OSS projects for new #OpenSource #developers: • Friendly community • Pe…
RT Learn how responsible disclosure of a cybersecurity #vulnerability made the risk mitigation process safe for Auth0 customers and…
Great question... Maybe will know?
Wasn’t it reported that he had multiple passports in different names? Or was that one of Trump’s attorneys?
RT Azure CTO: Open Source Is Key to Machine Learning in the Cloud, or on the Edge
Meanwhile, back in the USA, Fake News is pushed at the highest levels of our Administration.....
I predict that more communities will follow suit and leave Slack as a platform for community-building just like / and others
Agreed especially since the marketing they have done over the years has been a mix of over-hype, misdirection, and exaggeration
So people don't watch your streaming shows to see 3 minutes of ads every 5 minutes of show time....
That looks awesome! Be right over!
Great thread on #community and chat platforms... This is one of the reasons I moved the to and why when we are ready for a developer chat platform I'm not considering Slack, instead looking at
RT Major congrats on the community! We wholeheartedly agree with your conclusions. Chat is great for f…
Thank you to the
That's not a truck! That's a large SUV
Almost 2 years since having a Town Hall with your constituents? I imagine you've been busy...
RT Trump violates the 1st Amendment by retaliating against the Washington Post and may be violating federal securities laws. Secur…
"Free book on SSO" you say? Yes please!
RT FOLLOW our new project: automatically tracks and shares investigations that rely on the Freedom o…
RT React 16.3.0 has been released! Big thanks to all who contributed. ⚛️❤️
Happy Easter!
"These are the people at rings in my head
Someone help that child! That older bunny is frightening
The version of conservativism and the current state of the that #Trumpism has ushered in is disgraceful...
Says the pot...
I am highly interested to find out the nickname you have for me in Signal
Yep - this. More #DevRel people (or "DevRelopers" as I recently saw it said) would do well to follow this.
Almost 2 years since having a Town Hall with your constituents? I imagine you've been busy... You got time for one though? I'm sure many of us in Kansas would love to chat!
Security vs. Convenience - the never-ending struggle
Sure... But what is good?
If you're in SF next week make sure to signup for this great Lunch and Learn
She is a brave soul and an inspiration
This bodes well for then #RCJH #KUbball
This is the level of abuse we have in our country by some of those set apart to protect us. This can’t stand - #StephonClark needs justice
A politician actually keeping his word? What a breath of fresh air
You gotta have dreams.
RT "Open source" can supercharge democracy, transcend borders, and even save lives. Hear talks about just that from
There is a good article which breaks down the different auth tech stacks - - which you might find interesting - let me know how we can help at
Ahh the never ending project requirements debate =)
Taken them long enough - Google has had the option to download and remove everything for a _long_ time
Man - Dog's Eye View just popped up on my afternoon playlist... haven't listened to this band in awhile, bringing back some memories from the 90s
Lol I have gotten one upgrade notice in the last month
Big take away here is that you NEED to be using 2FA in your business - it's easy with
What gets me about the Evangelical Easter traditional dinner, is that they typically eat something (ham) that the very person they’re honoring/remembering wouldn’t be allowed to eat…
Probably took him so long since he had to get out of that Christmas sweater…..
And that's saying something at this point...
You’d think FoxNews and their hosts would learn….
I wonder… will it involve an option to just delete everyone’s accounts, liquidate the company, and go live on an island? Because that’s their best option at this point
.
I wonder if will have anything to say about this? The actions by on her FoxNews show are reprehensible.
Fantastic thread on why the changes proposed for the 2020 Census by the Trump Admin are actually a bad idea. The Census has never been about citizenship (see Article 1, Section 2, Clause 3)....
#Marketing gold
I can't unthink of it that way now
#Serverless all the things with and
Yeah because that has worked out so well so far
So according to Support, if I had cleaned the inside of the microwave _before_ sending them the photos of the electrical sparks on the inside, my warranty claim for a 4mo old microwave would have been accepted... #seemslegit #CustomerService
Absolutely correct. Kids getting into politics brings fresh perspective to a system dominated by people 3x their age
Interesting turn of events for Docker... wouldn't be surprised to see them purchased sometime this year or early next.
Bwahahaha
Well this is an interesting development.... "AggregateIQ Created Cambridge Analytica's Election Software, and Here’s the Proof"
We need a return of old-fashioned democracy here in the U.S.
Speaking of... have you seen our docs at ?
"Failing Forward" is how we get anywhere
And that’s saying something at this point
RT Virtually no American voters think Trump is telling the truth about having never had ANY untoward or sexual contact with…
So the Dev/Free plan allows small orgs/startup apps to get started quickly - as they grow and need more advanced features, their needs change and different options become available - has a good way to identify the stepping stones through
With all the news coming out about Russia, Cambridge Analytica, and Facebook, the has some good tips on Protecting Yourself on Social Networks
RT Want a more open culture for your organization? Download your copy of The Open Organization Workbook:
Great tools and tips from the on Surveillance Self-Defense
Thanks for the feedback!
Rock Chalk Jayhawk KU! #RCJH #KUbball
RT A day after March for Our Lives, the Pope urges youth to speak out
RT Who's more excited: Lagerald Vick or Bill Self? #MarchMadness #FinalFour #kubball
RT See you in San Antonio! The Jayhawks beat Duke in an Overtime thriller to advance to the #FinalFour! #RockChalk
Feel free to shoot me a DM and we can discuss options
RT Had the #CambridgeAnalytica breach occurred after #GDPR had taken effect, it could have cost Facebook $1.62B 💸 →
Truer words were never spoken...
I'll have someone look this over
The story behind #VeteransForGunReform |
This ad is powerful and perfectly exemplifies what #MarchForOurLives and #VeteransForGunReform are about
Can't blame them for everything....
So what changed?
RT When a gunman killed 26 at her school, Lauren Milgram, then just 6, hid in a bathroom. Now, the 12-year-old is marching with Parkl…
It's like a virtual Apprentice meets The Bachelor meets The Real World to him... And the media continues to fall into the trap
As is becoming all too much “par for the course”, the MSM is a tad bit late to the party… Read the thread for more info
Cambridge Analytica and Facebook: A Cautionary Tale As We Near GDPR via
RT "This means war," but in the literal sense. John Bolton is a warmonger.
Congratulations to from a #KansasBasketball fan
As mentioned in the reply on SO, there are better docs to help you down the path but the quickstarts should be a good starting point - - with more info around auth flows here (
Will take a look!
RT McMaster acquitted himself with honor on the whole; his refusal to compromise his redlines led to his ouster. He had a patr…
Great work - looks good!
RT Win a ticket 🎟 for biggest event 🎡 of the year! How? It's easy: 1️⃣ RT this tweet. 2️⃣ Tweet why you want to go to…
RT More information about the newly-launched ACMEv2 production environment, including client compatibility:
RT Trump asked for $25 billion for a 2,000-mile wall and got $1.6 billion for a 33-mile fence instead. So naturally he went…
I just changed usernames and then created a new one with the old name saying to go to the new one...
Yeah he does get more action
Interesting! There have been some attempts at this over the years, with something called Conference Buddy I think? And there are some apps like what RenderATL used that are, I think, Own Source....?
RT Accessibility is a right, not a privilege. { author: } #DEVCommunity
"When is another DevOpsDays KC?" you ask? #soon....
Parts 2-5 are linked in that post
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Sees Glittering Globular Cluster Embedded Inside Our Milky Way -
Wow Rizel! Congrats on the next step! You've done such great work at GitHub, I know you're gonna rock at the next place
It's all in the incentives lol
That sounds like a fun idea
Right? It's just ridiculous and all about justifying their office space
Bonus: you'll be exited out of Vim as well
RT 📢 We're thrilled to introduce the first #PyLadiesCon! 🎉 ! December 1st - 3rd, 2023, and prepare for an incredible online expe…
Yeah that's probably the ultimate impetus for this series I've written. The value is going to look different though for each company, and not easily identifiable (or trackable) for the first few quarters.
Ahh that's another part of this series to come. It's rarely in the early stages, though it can be shown based on connections and relationships built, but usually comes into play when the company moves into later stages when it's no longer awareness mode, and now it's PLG+
But so much of this comes down to understanding where DevRel fits in the customer journey, which I touch on. And the things you track at Seed stage are different than you track in C and D and even pre- and post-IPO
Absolutely. I credit my former CMO at CircleCI for really challenging a lot of my thoughts around DevRel the last almost 4 years. If you're not measuring, how are you going to know what success looks like? Measure what matters.
Pretty spot on. DevRel has gone through a "boom" of sorts over the last probably 5 years (?), and many in the discipline profited from their company's "we must have this thing" and just kinda went with the flow and never figured out metrics and value and being a resource.
Thanks, but I will take less though 🤣😜
Easy.....
Thanks Dan
Dang it.. Now I guess I gotta get mine out and start messing around with it
RT New quick-and-dirty project! ESP8266 battery-driven low-power temperature sensor (DS18B20). PCB rests on 3xAA holder with TI TP…
Looking into this and we will get back with you on your post
We are currently investigating- In the meantime you can login through
We are currently investigating- In the meantime you can login through
We are currently investigating- In the meantime you can login through
We are currently investigating- In the meantime you can login through
We are currently investigating- In the meantime you can login through
In the meantime you can login through
This has been a long time coming... Good move by LG #opensource
RT Sen. McCain on Pres. Trump congratulating Putin on election win: “An American president does not lead the Free World by co…
Worldwide cyberattacks vs. – the IDaaS startup securing your identity -
Please send me a DM and I will look into this for you
RT If you can laugh in the face of adversity, you’re bullet-proof. Have a great day.
I'll check into this and get back with you!
Oh good... for a moment there I thought it was climate change
View from work this week at HQ
This thread is so spot on, asking the very questions which should be asked _regardless_ of the side of the argument you find yourself on.
They aren't crippling if you embrace them.
RT AWS documentation is now open source and on GitHub – you can now contribute changes and improvements via pull requests.
We tend to think only of ourselves
Congratulations to - love you guys!
I love mine on my MBP13
RT Trump is neither subtle nor intelligent. His dishonest tweets are now overtly laying the groundwork for Mueller's firing.…
RT Please RETWEET: It's time for two GOP senators of conscience to announce that—until the present crisis is over—they will…
RT "Sessions’ Firing McCabe Violated his Promise to Recuse" By link to the article: He…
This is where I want to be this weekend #StPatricksDay2018 ... but sadly I am not
RT LOL sorry about your bracket.
RT UMBC annihilates Virginia in first #16 over #1 upset in men's NCAA tournament history:
RT Don’t bother with a certain pretend Irish greeting this weekend! Get the low-down from a Guinness Beer Specialist straight…
Ahh... How thoughtful of Apple. English alone would take up most of that
It's crazy what all is inside one of those Keynote "packages"
Back in time about 18 months...
Secure all teh things
RT Gina Haspel was involved in one of the darkest chapters in American history. Senators who will vote on her nomination MUS…
That's great and all... but I question this guy's "professional mountain climber abilities"... based on the prototypes all you need is either: A) Tall ladder, or B) Rope and a grappling hook. What's this "in a few hours" nonsense? Is he stopping for a nap halfway up?
Hey Mark, can you DM me your tenant and we can investigate?
RT Stoneman Douglas High School student David Hogg says the waves of students who marched out of class to demand stricter gun laws an…
RT "We are not trying to fight against the Second Amendment here. We're not trying to take your guns. We're trying to implement sensi…
This is a typical argument meant to distract and/or out of fear stoked by the GOP and NRA over the years - "They all comin' for your guns!!!!!" This particular argument tends to forget that there are laws in place which take into account common sense factors to prevent problems
Hook this future coder up with some stickers!
RT Students at a Los Angeles school held a die-in spelling #ENOUGH with their bodies as a gong sounded 17 times, one for each student…
RT "Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life…
Make sure to join the next Online Meetup tomorrow to hear about identity and
RT #NationalWalkOutDay Rock it, kids, and don't stop.
A great way to get your community involved via #opensource
I support the students around the nation who are standing up when adults are sitting down on this issue. #ParklandStrong #NeverAgain
No matter the grief I might get for this, Alex Smith was one of the better QBs the have had in a LONG time. The most consistent and impactful to the team since Trent Green, and one of the best in the league over the last 5 years. He'll be missed. Thank you Alex.
Maybe he's talking about using Russia for that as well? He uses them for enough things these days
#RIPStevenHawking
Yeah - I personally wouldn't use/trust McAfee but that's just me
Or you could just use an actual VPN service like or and not use something you can't verify who Samsung's using, etc.
Great job and
Did you say pi?
Great to see us at continuing our support of diversity in tech with these awesome shirts for the workshop at
RT British Physicist Stephen Hawking has died, according to a family spokesman. Hawking overcame a debilitating disease to publish wi…
RT Thank you Professor Hawking... The universe is less unknown because of you.
#RIPStephenHawking
Hey let's look into that... Can you DM me your tenant info so we can investigate?
That's not a bow out... we plain belly-flopped. This sits at Mourinho's feet alone.
RT America's leadership in promoting freedom around the world is more than a national virtue, it is a key element of our…
RT It would be very damaging for any developer to have their PGP keys stolen; learn how to keep yours secure:
Don't forget that we don't want a secondary email letting us know that we unsubscribed...
RT If you are in Montreal, you should drop by to watch my talk about tonight!
Yeah I grew up in that world, and it has roots in so many things...
RT Speak up to your representative today and tell them to reject the CLOUD Act, a bill that gives U.S. and foreign police unreasonabl…
Everything is back up after a fix was deployed - let us know if you have any other questions!
We are currently investigating and will update as soon as we know something - latest from is
RT Starting *today* we're accepting applications from students who want to work on open source software as part of Google Summe…
RT Being serious -- By saying they disagree with the US assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 election TO HELP TRUM…
This continues to confound me. Saw another recent statistic around ~30% Evangelicals forgiving moral failure during Obama but ~70% forgiving under Trump.
So proud to be a part of a #remotefirst company - not being distributed or facilitating remote workers severely limits the talent and opportunities for your business
RT Tuning in to watch this Arsenal team carries a sense of guilt, as if you were attending a Bear Baiting
Odd that his toon changed right after he head the private meeting with the NRA... obviously a coincidence though
RT Please RETWEET if you want to air its interview with Stormy Daniels TONIGHT, rather than giving Trump's lawyer…
The best way to setup HTTPS on your server and application
RT The war on drugs has been an unmitigated, racist failure. Calls for execution only deepen this moral stain; they deliberat…
RT Ya know, if we told Donny how much BO &amp; Hillary like Daily Savings Time, we could probably get it canceled before the fall.
Hey I heard you like Lucky Charms...
RT BIG 12 TOURNAMENT CHAMPIONS!!! #rockchalk
It couldn't be gender, could it? Nah...
Yep... No Leaf Clover is a great song.
RT and JWT Debugger Extension got major updates! ⛓ New signing algorithms. 🔑 Improved public-key handling…
Almost 20 years after its release, the S&amp;M album still holds up..
#IDaaS is a thing
Glory, glory Man United!
RT 24' - GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! #MUFC 2 Liverpool 0. GET IN! strikes again! #MUNLIV
RT GOAL Man Utd 2-0 Liverpool (24 mins) He's got another! Marcus Rashford sweeps home after Mata was tackled by Van Dijk…
RT De Gea ➡️ Lukaku ➡️ Rashford Man Utd 1-0 Liverpool (20 mins) #MUNLIV
I'm sure there is a support group somewhere
We are hiring a community engineer, part software engineer/ part community advocate and remote friendly!
So ACC on Big12, Big12 on ACC. Seems legit! Thanks
Hey - the game is supposed to be on Ch214 #espn2 - but it's the ACC game instead.
Let's go Hawks! #RCJH
Great series on #pgp
RT Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero, Gunned Down In 1980, Will Become A Saint
RT All open source projects start from small beginnings... #SCALE16x
Unreal, and it’s only early March!
I haven't seen this season of Shield; loved Jones, Cage, and Daredevil; didn't watch Fist but loved Defenders and haven't seen Punisher yet
Not to mention the consistency of each actor/actress for each character between the TV shows and movies helps the audience relate
Completely agree... the consistency and level of detail to each main character we have seen since Iron Man 1 is amazing
There is hope for the next generation #NeverAgain
RT MOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! 🐂!!!! Call the cops, the moose is back in Kansas City!!! #RaisedRoyal #Forever…
Yeah as stated in some cases it is possible. For those that actually makes us of Project Treble appropriately, with the vendor junk in a separate later, AOSP and other works can more readily be installed.
#opensource and #community go hand-in-hand
Unless it's changed, get ready for the wildest, most unorganised conference this side of the pond. Enjoy!
Well - good... Congress has been complicit in enough over the last year - it's time you hold the Executive Branch accountable.
RT Happy International Women's Day, especially to the brave and bold who fight every day for greater diversity and inclusion 👩🏻‍💻…
RT Happy International Women's Day! #InternationalWomensDay We are super proud to work with and highlight our amazing wom…
Can you DM me what you're seeing? Would like to see what is happening
Spectacular way to kick off #InternationalWomensDay
This. So much this. #WomensDay2018 #InternationalWomensDay
Oh interesting! Feel free to send me a DM and we can look at ways we could possibly get involved!
Thanks for the heads up - we're always looking at ways to improve and will take a look at what you are experiencing
#DrainTheSwamp never looked so good… /s
RT Father of Parkland school shooting victim rips new NRA video: "If this was put out by a terrorist organization, we would be raisin…
Spot on. Applies whether you're a Democrat, Republican, Independent, Libertarian... Whether you're Conservative, Moderate, Liberal... Regardless of the label this applies.
#devhumor to the max
Put it all together and it is less awkwarder which makes it more better
Yeah. Hence the delay
Orly? Late to the party as always... Just got the upgrade on my s8
A little worried about what the call quality will be on this #S8 given what the Baseband tells me about it
#RIPLadyLex
RT When a lanyard isn’t enough to say, “I love my job,” devoted workers get tattoos of company logos via…
Makes sense.. got his legislation through which benefits him and the rest of the cronies... No reason to stick around
Fantastic example set for the rest of the nation #savenetneutrality
Absolutely agree. Which means I need to leave my basement office at home and get some sunlight... It's for though so worth it
RT Fair use is a driving force behind culture, innovation, and analysis
RT No, we won’t entertain a “President for Life.” We won’t pull the license of TV stations we don’t like. We won’t jail our…
RT Here's our piece on NRA TV from last night...
We recently put together an article around using and Gatsby -
RT Nunberg!
We absolutely need a moderate in office.
The struggle is 100% real... I feel like going to some new building and taking pictures and wearing my #Auth0 shirt and taking a selfie just to feel like I have something new to share!
Well this is awkward... I can't find a gif of a fourth....
Well, the White House is for sale… Or at least confirms what we already knew
RT Poor Arsenal fans reduced from Anger to Apathy. Not one light aircraft pulled a protest banner over stadium. Not even a sma…
RT Kotlin 1.2.30 is out! • A new declaration in the standard library, which imitates the suspend modifier for lambda expressions…
A shining light in the dumpster fire that is Fox News these days
Sorry for not getting an answer to you - that's not acceptable. Can you DM me your info and I will track it down for you?
Give it time. I'm confident he'll come up with a sheet full of ideas. #awesomenephew
Thanks for sharing!
Imagine if Obama, Bill Clinton, et. al said this and tried to take these steps...
RT Don’t reinvent the wheel on Identity and Access Management. Founder and Chief Firestarter at explains t…
Well don't Brighton! How Wenger is still the manager defies comprehension at this point.
Let's go Sporting!
"It's not important how many people I've killed. What's important is how I get along with the people who are still alive." -Jimmy Tudeski (Bruce Willis), The Whole Nine Yards #MovieQuotes2LiveBy
Not all identity providers are the same...
It has been too long... Time to start smoking again
Or the Shake-Weight
There must be something to it...
RT "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at tim…
Who could ask for anything more?
Apparently my daughter thinks that a "well-balanced breakfast" consists of 3 pieces of cake, 2 eggs, and an apple.
Hey look it is !
SSO brings a lot of benefits - read about a few of them!
RT Auth0 Online #Meetup #1 kicks off March 15 at 12:00PST. Come learn about from and modern ident…
There's no stopping #microservices and #containers that's for sure - but I would also add #serverless to the mix
RT Cyberattacks may be rising, but 93% of hacks are preventable. Learn how to prevent #healthcare breaches and protect personal hea…
Shoot me a DM and I'll get you sorted
Thanks for letting us know! We're actually in the middle of migrating to our new community platform, and can't wait to show it to you! You can find out more information on our blog post:
We're hiring a few Technical Writers, ala Technical Content Engineer, here at -
Here we go! #community
#SaveNetNeutrality
Thanks again for the heads up - once we have Ionic v3 support this link will work again. Is there something we can directly help you with?
I believe the link they were intending on is
Thanks for the heads up! We will get this taken care of!
RT It is one of the few resources left that everyone has access to &amp; is a vital part of local communities. The best way t…
Lets go !! #SportingKC
RT Having the #BlackPanther on #FallonTonight is one thing... but having surprise his fans like this is what mak…
I am wondering if has an option for you ?
Great step and offering from - #Stacksmith!
#2FA is essential for company and personal use
RT Georgia teen nails NRA after educator opens fire in their classroom: ‘I dare you to tell me arming teachers is safe’
RT We just announced our first beta at Mobile World Congress! Thank you to our community for helping us reach this milestone. #…
Sorry for the delay! Can I get your ticket number to investigate further? Feel free to DM if you would rather.
RT BREAKING: The House has passed FOSTA 388 - 25. This is a dark day for online communities. We can't let the Senate pass this censor…
RT What is data security and why it's so important? We've made this article to get you started thinking about what it means to keep…
RT Sometimes it can seem like we don't agree on a lot, but the majority of Americans *across party lines* agree that we need #Net…
Very nice… though if you’re going to shave your scalp, maybe finish the job _before_ the profile picture?
RT The House of Representatives is about to vote on a bill that would weaken protections for online speech and force websi…
RT TODAY! Master community builder Jono Bacon ( on how to build powerful and productive communities. Great for JUG…
Yep - you should look at
On my desktop it is - I use Android on mobile so I have an awesome app I use ( but I know there are some good ones on iPhone,
Hmm - have you tried a non-official client? Not seeing that on Tweetdeck (desktop) or other clients (mobile).
Same goes for designers and product managers
But you first need a good way to test if they’re actually Russian witches….
Daily goals.
WITCH HUNT!
Unable to DM you but feel free to shoot me a message and I will see what needs done!
RT Jayhawks WIN!!! They take down Texas, 80-70, and clinch the outright Big 12 regular-season title! #RockChalk
Can you let us know your tenant?
Sure, but will Samsung actually make use of it?
RT Watch #TheWalkingDead cast bid farewell to
We allow for receiving tokens from many different provider APIs - Github documentation is here ( If that is not what you're looking for, can you tell us a bit more about the use case?
We have some great opportunities open at
Yes. I am more speaking to the bias towards one manufacturer and ignoring the other. I do find I use my phone less and less as a phone - which is probably better for brain tumors and worse for carpal tunnel
RT "#Opensource gives people opportunities to be independent &amp; the freedom to work toward what they believe in. Sharing cod…
Oh interesting...
Coming from someone who is setting the bar so high on DevRel posts... Thank you
So, an idea has been brewing in my head, and I know in a lot of other's too, that #DevRel as a discipline has got to grow the fuck up and move forward. This was originally going to be a conference talk, but it was never accepted. So now it's a blog series!
Helps justify having office space when you put your community in there too
Companies still requiring in-office for DevRel and Community roles, while asking that they be out in the community and events and such, has me like....
Today's Image of the Day: Practicing for the OSIRIS-REx Sample Return -
I'm giving a talk at the #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit in just over 10 days, &amp; it's been my experience that people define "Continuous Delivery" in many different ways. I would love to illustrate that with how you define it, and maybe you'll make it on a slide!
RT Imagine a world...where every engineer refuses to work at a company that has a Change Approval Board. ☮️🕊️✌️ If you're pla…
I'm salivating
Of course count me in
Today's Image of the Day: Voyager 1 Lifts Off Toward an Interstellar Journey -
Thank! I'll pass it on to my network!
RT mildly surprised that the security sponsorship - which we spun up to provide additional protection to our atten…
RT With the start of Fall upon us, we'll be joined by at our Sept #DevOps KC Meetup. Eric will be talking to us about…
With the discounted price that makes you a 2.3x developer. You gotta pay more to get more.
Just gonna put this out there... you're welcome.
RT "The captains of industry did not lead this transformation; they resisted it until they were overcome." #MLK (re: Labor Mo…
Again that's not my point mate... They treat this as a bad thing that it's being pushed as a camera, mention it's trying to be like the iPhone X, and ignore that the Iphone has done that for almost a decade
I use it as a phone a lot... My point here is it seems that they're saying it's a bad thing that it's showing itself as a camera instead of a phone.. but the iPhone has been that way for awhile and no one cares
Not sure why that’s news? The iPhone hasn’t been a phone since “you’re holding it wrong” was a thing. The way the blurb on the link is written makes it seem like it’s a really bad thing, ignoring the iPhone not being pushed as a phone in ~10 years.
Yeah, no way am I sending them my phone.
Hahaha! No.
Glory, glory Man United! #MUFC
RT 75' - GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL! #MUFC 2 Chelsea 1. IT'S #JLINGZ! #MUNCHE
RT Let’s go.... come on change it up! #MUNCHE
RT Today's #MUFC starting XI - and it looks like 4-3-3 for the Reds! 🔴 #MUNCHE 🔵
Can. Not. Wait.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk KU. #RCJH 14 Consecutive Titles.
RT 34/ While we can't tell for sure what the redacted words are—the FBI could've been looking at as few as two Trump-connect…
RT (THREAD) BREAKING: This thread is a live-read of the House Intelligence Committee's just-released "Democratic Memo." The…
RT Perspective: Ester Ledecka is the greatest Olympian at the Games, even if she doesn’t know it
Gotta have $200 first... 😁 I already have a ps4 so that's a step in the right direction
Amazing feat by Congrats! #Olympics2018
I need to get a #PSVR
RT Young people have helped lead all our great movements. How inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students s…
Good guy
RT Why Decentralization Matters
This is hardly a proper plan. Rubber door stops? Remove trees? This is from the NRA.
RT The haunting new video for their “Zombie” cover pays tribute to Dolores O’Riordan.…
I'm calling on to return $19,900 in NRA contributions. We deserve leaders who will stand up to the gun lobby and prioritize protecting our children and keeping our communities safe.
I'm calling on to return $19,350 in NRA contributions. We deserve leaders who will stand up to the gun lobby and prioritize protecting our children and keeping our communities safe.
I'm calling on to return $43,700 in NRA contributions. We deserve leaders who will stand up to the gun lobby and prioritize protecting our children and keeping our communities safe.
RT A complete introduction to APIs for beginners, by 👨🏾‍🚀🇳🇬 → #API #expressjs…
In this digital age, sometimes when you get frustrated you just have to throw some paper around
RT Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said he would support legislation to prevent an 18-year-old from buying a rifle and that he is…
RT The most compelling teen superhero drama is airing on CNN and it breaks my heart.
RT The next Auth0 Online #Meetup is scheduled! Join us March 15 at 12:00PST. We have two great talks lined up.
RT Fresh 👌 #WallpaperWednesday 📲
RT "Community Managers are responsible to represent the community to the rest of the company" tied with "If the community s…
Can't come fast enough if you ask me! #DoctorWho
RT Thanks to for their tribute to John Perry Barlow, EFF's co-founder and "the first internet activist"
Thanks for everything! Best wishes! #RaisedRoyal
RT One year later, first-hand account of the murder of Srinivas Kuchibhotla is still haunting: "I was one of t…
RT Just because you’re a remote worker, doesn't mean you can't network with co-workers &amp; industry pros 🗣 Follow this advice to st…
RT Read this. Trust me. This is where we are. And the President and Congress wants to do nothing about it.
I can't wait.
Gotta have goals...
Didn't you know? Always aim for the stars!
Is there one that would allow you to see while driving?
RT Do you ❤️ open source? Publish a tutorial on the community site and earn $300. We'll match your payout with…
RT We've accepted 212 open source projects and organizations for Google Summer of Code 2018. These orgs will work with students…
Here's a thought.. maybe instead of spending $24 million on two new refrigerators for Air Force One, could have put metal detectors at the entrances to every school in America. That would be action and would do something to help protect kids at schools and prevent violence
Our kids have been told to start throwing chairs at the assailant as a fight back process. That f**king causes me to break down every time I think about it. At this point it's the only solution that anyone can come up with since Congress refuses to do anything.
Thanks for letting us provide support! For future questions you can also reach out to us via our
Matt can you send me a DM so I can investigate and get to the right people?
"Community Management brings your brand to life online—like it's a real person with a real personality behind real interactions." Good stuff on #community from - and because it's a real person/personality, figuring out the DNA of the community is essential.
4 school shootings this year alone. This is absolutely unacceptable. All #NRA can do is to say we should give more people guns, we should "pray", and it's not the time to have this discussion. Sorry - that is not a solution. / must act. Now.
RT Is your content too broad? At DevGuild from shows the value of developing highly focused content.
Love that Shaun White won gold.. but come on... Don't drag the flag... #OlympicGames2018
RT White House Now Just Holding Continuous Going-Away Party For Departing Staffers
RT Embrace the benefits of remote working 🌏 without compromising security. See how #IAM can help your enterprise get mobile ✌️ → h…
Do it. A fantastic venue, great people, you won't regret it!
RT Sen. Jack Reed just got FBI Director Wray and other intel chiefs to admit that the president has never asked them to fo…
Why is this not a thing in America? I think I am packing up and moving me family to England.
RT As a product manager, you should definitely look at how open source can impact on your customer’s experience:
Shaun White just did the Olympic equivalent of #HoldMyBeer to the entire #halfpipe snowboarding field #Olympics2018
Well which is it? Cocaine, or heroin?
I am sure echoes this
Some good steps to follow in making sure your identity stays yours.
It’s a short step from here to the mutant dogs in Resident Evil. Yeah, we’re done.
RT Auth0 has joined the Platform Partner Program to make it easier than ever for organizations to implement modern ide…
Thanks for letting us help you get logged in - look forward to having you as part of the community!
That's a fantastic idea and let's chat about ways we can work together on that! We love #opensource at Auth0
Send me a DM and we'll look into the error you're experiencing
RT I am in a healthy debate with some friends and the conversation has come up about how the #GPLv2 does not require authorship…
Me likey and me want! Such a great line from Honor
I applaud you
Forgot how much I liked the movie Hancock
RT Live HD Earth viewing from Go full screen, sit back, watch &amp; enjoy our home planet. Live views:
Nothing says "relaxing weekend" like Nietzsche
RT Missed the inaugural Auth0 Online #Meetup? Worry not! You can view the recording here: Thanks…
Shoot me a DM and we will get that resolved quickly
Someone may want to tell ICE because they seem to have a mind of their own - especially where the law is concerned
I am in a healthy debate with some friends and the conversation has come up about how the #GPLv2 does not require authorship be maintained in source code. I know where I stand and where the #opensource community has stood, but what say you? Will keep poll open 7 days.
Wait... They were open?
The shade that is throwing at is getting hilarious... #gettingthepopcorn #flashfrozen vs #freshbeef
RT "It’s the nature of having known John Perry Barlow, and having been his friend, that you can’t write about what it means to have l…
I'll reach out to you via DM to see what we can do about that
#RIPJPBarlow
Thanks for catching that - we use specialised keyboards which place the "i" next to the "w" 🤣 and will get that updated!
Looks awesome! Good luck!
Thanks for allowing us to help resolve this for you - welcome to the Auth0 Community!
Can you DM me and we can get this taken care of?
I'll reach out to you to resolve!
Having trouble finding the source of this quote as I would love to reshare it. Where did you find it?
RT Describing #OAuth2 for the masses, demystifying the technology behind this common authorization technique 🌟 →
#RIPJohnPerryBarlow
RT gRPC is a high-performance universal RPC framework with pluggable support for things like load balancing and authentication.…
RT Was fun to join the podcast where we dug into how to deal with difficult community members. Check it out at…
Awesome views from #Starman just now
Yeah I've looked at them more after the fact... This one was awesome and I actually clapped when the boosters simultaneous landed
This was an awesome thing to watch, and the first space launch I have paid attention to in years!
Or adults acting like toddlers
This is preposterous - but fully in line with Trump’s love affair with dictators and autocrats who compensate for the size of their {fingers} with displays of military power - and is what is TRULY unAmerican
What’s that? =)
Would love to get together for drinks with the team!
Our apologies on the delay - we have escalated and will get back with you soon.
I wish. I'll be in London in late March though.
Check out this Online Meetup tomorrow: Online Meetup #0 - Security in 2018 #Meetup
This looks like a great next step for terminal emulators! "An introduction to the DomTerm terminal emulator for Linux" via
RT Last year was the most dangerous year ever for journalists around the world. Many of the threats they face including su…
The fix has been applied and all systems should be functional - and
Please provide us with a tenant name so we can investigate as well
Got it - our is a good spot then and we'll keep you informed.
We'll need to investigate that - if you haven't already opened a ticket with all relevant information please do and we'll keep you updasted.
We apologise for the inconvenience - we are currently investigating this issue and you can track the status at
I thought this is what everyone did?
If mine doesn't ask me 20 questions he gets 5 stars
RT Embrace the benefits of remote working 🌏 without compromising security. See how #IAM can help your enterprise get mobile ✌️ → h…
When the head of the HPSCI is spouting talking points from POTUS… and false ones at that…. You might have a problem. Good thread here debunking (with proof) Nunes’s attempts to help Trump distance himself from his staff in order to protect Trump
Failing forward...
RT FOSDEM is Community at its Purest &lt;- The best and the worst of community.
The new teaser trailer (not the Super Bowl one) has been released for Solo: A Star Wars Story
PSA: My #BleepDontStink. Carry on.
RT Holy crap. Give and a trophy. #DPtheSB #SB52
Hate it when that happens
RT By asking its users whether or not they trust a news outlet, Facebook reveals a flaw in its News Feed approach: they're confusin…
RT Grab a tissue. Here’s how reacted when he found out he was headed to Canton. (via
Good move by - waiting on the to do what they demanded the do (return money donated by Weinstein - which they did)....
One of the reasons Page was known to the FBI in 2013, and why it was not out of the ordinary for the IC to start to keep tabs on him.
Sounds about right these days
RT PLEASE RETWEET if you agree that, after releasing a deliberately misleading memo over the objections of the DOJ/FBI, Devi…
This is priceless! The former head of the RNC recognizes the #NunesMemo for what it is and isn’t afraid to say it.
RT JUST IN: FBI Director Christopher Wray sends message to all bureau employees: "Talk is cheap; the work you do is what wi…
Congratulations to the #opensource teens!
This thread breaks down the #NunesFakeMemo and collaborates it with what is true and known already.
RT John McCain: "The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party’s, no presid…
RT The bottom line is Congressman Nunes is attempting to use classified information as a political weapon and that is dan…
RT We are witnessing our government institutions -- whose independence is vital for the fair functioning of our legal system -- b…
RT Hyperledger releases Hyperledger Sawtooth 1.0, its second distributed ledger project by
RT All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the…
RT For every retweet of this tweet, Bell will donate 5 cents to mental health initiatives. Here’s my 5 cents. Where’s yours?…
Real world problems...
RT This is the 14th American school shooting in 2018. It’s February 1st. Sal Castro Middle School
I tried to include you on this note but #usernamefail - #Sharelock is back up! 🎉
And #Sharelock is back! Sorry for the inconvenience! (cc:
Now that's a nice #POC - though I might suggest we do trucker hats ;)
Terrible timing!
Wow! That is pretty bad - have they offered any options?
Happy Birthday to - 5 years today! Oh how far we’ve come! Glad to be part of an amazing company and here’s to many more years to come! #remoteworking #IDaaS
We are making some changes to the service and will have it back up and running ASAP - we apologize for the inconvenience!
RT Identity and Access Management will help your B2C company to: 📈 Increase Your Conversion Rate 👥 Know Your Customers 💰 Drive Rev…
We are in the process of making a few changes and will have it back up as soon as possible
Glad we could help! Another good spot to reach out to us is via our Community ( - and stay tuned for some new things coming there as well
Also might be helpful to know the use case in case more appropriate documentation is required
Have you checked out the Auth API documentation? This ( should give you a good start
RT When "plan a 3-day team offsite for 12 people" gets added to your to-do list. (Here's how our team did it this year:
That's a fantastic ROI. Chocolate and Whiskey.
This guy is one of the reasons that you not only have more control of some of your Android phones, but also that they’re more secure overall! Best of luck to in his future endeavors. Glad to call him a friend!
Thanks for all that you have done! Good luck on the future!
Working here at Auth0 has been fantastic! I highly recommend any Product Managers out there to consider joining this solid, #remote team.
I'll investigate and make sure someone gets back with you soon!
RT I published an online tool to copy a table from Excel and paste it as a Markdown table. Check it out at
LOL
Are you copying and pasting these replies?
RT Love meetups, but don't want to deal with rush hour traffic? Auth0 Online Meetup is for you! Our inaugural #meetup kic…
RT Victory tonight would make it six wins in a row for #MUFC in all competitions. Let's do this, boys! #TOTMUN
Slack Tip of the Day: Use the “/feed” command in your personal direct message channel to subscribe to RSS feeds you want to follow but haven’t found a good way to do so in other platforms which fit into your daily workflow.
RT The first issue of #DevRelWeekly is launching tmrw &amp; I couldn't be more excited! Be sure to subscribe:
Sadly no. Good luck!
#factcheck #SOTU2018
Mobile APM &amp; Optimization is a hot topic and one that PacketZoom is uniquely qualified to speak to
Awesome - well the Community or your Dashboard is a good place to start!
We'd love to hear about your project and discuss options! Please reach out via the Learn More link next to Open Source on our Pricing page (
Long reported that was the case...
The NYC office of the FBI was long known as #Trumpland
So. Much. Yes!
RT #Community #OpenSource Transparency. Good stuff
Hey - thanks for reaching out! Our community ( and Account Center ( are two of the best ways to reach out when you're having an issue - as is monitoring the Status twitter account. Was this what you had?
Wait... Wut?
RT Remember that the instigator for everything happening in the HPSCI right now is a known Trump agent who's recused from th…
Thread...
Or my favorite: “You must be in SV because that’s where our customers are.” To which I’ve been known to ask, “So you don’t have customers outside SV?” A few have replied with “Well that’s where our main target audience is.” I try not to make the resulting :facepalm: loud...
This is the #StarTrek movie we want AND the movie we deserve
RT FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is, and has been, a dedicated public servant who has served this country well. Bogus atta…
RT How would music’s biggest night sound without a free and open internet? Let’s not even go there. Go here instead:
Though I will say “Smurfturkey” made me laugh
You missed a few…. #rcjh #jayhawks
RT Might be worth pointing out that McCabe wasn't appointed to deputy FBI director where he supervised the investigation into…
Twitter bots suck… I make a comment about singing with friends at b0wl1ng alley in Brum and I get added to a “bowling-peeps” list… smh
Kinda like any time Oasis’s “Wonderwall” comes on at a bowling alley/bar in Brum (h/t
We apologize for the delay - our team is reaching out to you!
RT The Community Leadership Summit 2018 is back in Portland on 14th - 15th July 2018! Join community managers and leaders in a…
RT Music needs #netneutrality. We stand with 22 states, millions of people and so artists can thrive without gatekeepers…
and the “bit” in “bitcoin” refers to the mouthpiece of a horses bridle that is then used with a coin, _any_ coin, in order to make the coin work for you instead of you working for the coin.
Make sure you sign up for FREE the #IAM #DigitalTransformation webinar coming tomorrow!
RT Are you freaked out about losing net neutrality? So are we. That’s why we shut down our New York store today. Read more about it…
#NeverForget #NeverAgain #HolocaustRemembrance
That's way too extravagant for you
That's what I always call him
It's a failure of the system it wasn't a permaban
This is essentially what set out to do
Happy Birthday 🎂 to Artem, and gifts for the community!!!
RT I don’t really do endorsements. I’m not shy about sharing my views, but I hate politics and don’t trust most politician…
Hell... Fucking... YES!!! LFG!!
RT My uncle’s friend Hawk was a feared gangsta. He was ruthless but he was also a chess wizard. According to the streets…
AWW FRIENDS!!! All the FOMO right now
Aww! is amazing! Glad you all could meet up!
One of my favourite conferences every year, and one that was extremely valuable to sponsor too! So don't miss it, it's gonna be another amazing event!
It's obviously 42
RT If you are currently using IAM Identity Center on AWS you can instantly unlock a massive quality of life improvement by…
RT 🔔 ANNOUNCEMENT 🔔 is only 3 weeks away! 🙌 Don't miss the largest multi-framework front-end conf i…
Yeah I'm about to buy one too... 😆
Post a song that every time you hear it you experience it like you did the first time. I'll go first: Disturbed's cover of "The Sound of Silence." Never fails to move me to tears.
RT FUN FACT: Each of us who support Kamala are de facto surrogates for her campaign. So we have to have the talking points a…
I know...
I know... 😔😞
More than gutted I had to back out and won't be there this year
Wait.. AMP is still a thing?
RT I have a few diversity tickets left to give out for If you would like a ticket and can be in Raleigh, NC next…
RT 🧠 Systems Thinking and Invisible Work: Bringing Clarity to DevRel - how to surface invisible work to ensure you're tell…
Sometimes with a product we tend to start with a rough idea of what it takes to build (and finance it)… but with a platform you have pretty clear costs (people, tools, cloud, etc.) regardless of who is using it. But what about the revenue? - at
Next up at Day 1 is with “From Fragile to Antifragile Internal Platforms” When we talk about and implement Platforms, we want to make sure they’re valuable for your teams &amp; self-service. So treat them as you would a product (get feedback, UAT, etc.)
The DORA report and State of #DevOps Report have shown a consistent evolution of #PlatformEngineering, with the rise of devs supported, standardizing automation, and security baked in - at
There are definite tradeoffs between #DevOps and #PlatformEngineering, with things like how processes are broken down (full lifecycle vs mostly ops, choosing tools vs using tools, etc.) - at
Breaking down the general roles associated with #DevOps and #PlatformEngineering really shows a tools usage and implementation breakdown… Or use a baking analogy of how you move from being a hobby baker to small bakery to large production bakery - at
Platform Engineering helps create consistency and guardrails, and not supposed to be an adversarial response to #DevOps, and it didn’t kill DevOps. It’s more of a “handshake”, and a good description could be “DevOps for DevOps”, or what Reddit says - at
Second talk at is (Dev Advocate at ) talking about “DevOps vs. Platform Engineering: Navigating the Path Ahead” We are all still learning about, and trying to define, #devops and #platformengineering
We aren’t anywhere close to being finished with #DevOps. Organizations change and we need to help again. New people don’t know the reasons why we do what we do. We need to teach people how not to shoot themselves in the foot. - at
So where is #DevOps fifteen years later? We still tend to throw things over the wall (both ways) and still don’t know what we’re doing, why we’re doing it, and where we want to go. We still make the same mistakes, and old/new is new/old again. - at
And don’t call it a “#DevOps Transformation”. Ask (and answer) these questions: What are our challenges? Where do we want to go? What do we want to fix? Call it “Engineering 2.0” or something else… - at
Your #devopsteam is _not_ a team that handles the tooling, or in charge of delivery, or another silo in between dev and ops… And there really isn’t a #DevOps Certification - it’s just another source of revenue for the vendor. Except for Kris’s 🤣 - at
We repeat the same thing in #devops: new fancy tools, we don’t change how we use it, we’ll fail, and Repeat. Same with Agile… We all “killed DevOps” with our many tools &amp; conversations on how to implement them, &amp; recruiters with job titles - at
Fifteen years ago we were beginning to understand #cloudcomputing, and how to solve single point of failure, and where to put state. “Docker solves all of that” - but does it? Complexity gets added, and tools will _not_ fix your broken culture. - at
Then / Now of Culture and Automation (C and A in CLAMS) have evolved, but have they evolved in a positive way? They still need to be fixed, and who is really doing Continuous Delivery? And #monitoringsucks and still not fixed. - at
Where #devopsdays started was with a venn diagram of people dedicated to #opensource, #cloudcomputing, #agile. Have we come very far from the “old” days? Devs still want change, Ops still want stability Also DNS means “DevOps Needs Sushi” - at
Kicking off Day 1 of is with “15 years of #devops, but what did we really learn?” FIFTEEN YEARS!?!? 😱🤯 The crazy idea (with to bring friends together to talk about what would become #devopsdays began in the Antwerp train station
Thank you to all the sponsors of , who make this all possible #devopsdays
Day 1 of is about to start! #devopsdays
OH: I once had a deep flirtatious experience over fax
Mezcal old fashioned's are amazing
What mod tools does Slack have? Everything is behind a pay wall nowadays with Slack.
That's always a concern, and rightfully so whether a forum or a chat platform. Slack is horrible for community management anymore (no history is a big deal), while Discord actually has made a lot of progress there. I don't know much on Mattermost in that regard though
OH: You donate 1 kidney and you're a hero, but donate _10_ and you're under investigation 🤷🏻‍♂️
And the sooner DevRel understands where they fit into the customer journey, the sooner they can identify what activities they can (or already) do which contribute to that journey, and then begin to track and report on them, build internal relationships, and be seen as a resource
My statement applies to sales as well. Like I said, you’re either making the thing, or selling the thing. Marketing is part of Sales - they’re $-generating orgs. Not everything is a hard sell though. DevRel shouldn’t be doing sales pitches, but they’re still a part of the journey
Miller Lite (1 can) with Pineapple Orange juice (~4-6oz) is great. I will not be taking questions. Ever.
DevRel teams, esp their leadership, should be having regular syncs w/ other Business units to understand their challenges &amp; objectives/KPIs/goals/OKRs/etc, &amp; to identify what activities they are (or can) perform to support them, thus raising their value. Probably more to come….
Any attempt by DevRel to distance itself from areas of the Business will ultimately result in the Business distancing itself from that DevRel team. (cont…)
The point with all of this, is that DevRel has got to wake up and recognize that it _must_ show its value to the Business, and in as many areas as possible, in order to stay ahead of the dreaded “what do you do?” and “what’s the ROI?” questions. (cont…)
An early stage is likely more about Awareness and Acquisition, with its own set of metrics and activities, while a later stage company with Enterprise customers is focused more on Retention, Referral, and Product, with _its_ own set of metrics and activities. (cont…)
The things that DevRel does in a company whose primary customer is Enterprise will look drastically different from what DevRel in an early-stage company does. It has to. (cont…)
Here lies the rub in all of this: DevRel in Company A is going to look potentially completely different from Company C because both those companies are at different stages in {Funding|Customers|Product|etc}. (cont…)
The value DevRel adds for a company has to be aligned with the needs of the business and the bottomline. It HAS to, or else it will be gone. DevRel has to understand what the inputs are the business has/need and then shape its activities accordingly. Probably more on this later
DevRel (as a general discipline) needs to grow the fuck up and recognize that it's not a bad thing to participate in the marketing/sales process. You can do so and still keep the trust with devs. (cont...)
"Devs don't like to be marketed to" is a common (and basically true) statement. But yet, devs respond to marketing all of the time! It's all in how the DevRel person builds that relationship, builds that trust. (cont....)
In business you're either making the thing, or selling the thing. Whichever one you are, your objectives need to line up accordingly. If they don't, you'll be out of a job. (cont...)
But see, in DevRel you must always balance the needs of the customer and the needs of the business. If customers (devs) don't end up using your product you'll be out of a job. That's basic economics. (cont...)
RT it's called fashion, look it up
Got any positions? 🤩
I see nothing wrong with this. Bring on the fun!
RT 🔐 Keep your users safe from leaked passwords. 🕵 Try Breached Password Detection for free!
RT Join experts from &amp; on Feb 5 to learn about how their technical support teams work as a team t…
And humorous cover names for informants
RT Angular releases Component Development Kit
RT JUST IN: The entire USA Gymnastics board will comply with U.S. Olympic Committee requirements and resign after fallout from th…
This just made #FullStackcon 2018 awesome for me!
Look! A squirrel!!!!!
Love the "look! A squirrel!" at the end
Remember, #nothingburger
Roughly 12 hours after this was first reported in June, Trump had the following to say (
RT A complete introduction to APIs for beginners, by 👨🏾‍🚀🇳🇬 → #API #expressjs…
RT We started to document the Node.js collaborator nomination process Next stop: more guidance and r…
For more indepth, personal discussion around our pricing ( and procedures you can interact with our community at
Can. Not. Wait.
This of this as a hybrid software engineer / community advocate role here at
Google's OSS team is getting active! Great to see #opensource attention being given by ElGoog
In other breaking news: Water has been found to be wet, and everyone who breathes air has been found to have a high likelihood of death.
Luck!
Good riddance
Need a towel?
RT 15-year olds Bailey Holt and Preston Cope, the two teens killed in the #KentuckySchoolShooting. It was the 11th school shoo…
If only it was 77% battery improvement, then I would use it. Maybe next time?
RT Want to help #GNU? There are many ways to help free software to grow:
Oh he did.... That hamburger
Oh boy - #SNL is going to be fantastic this weekend! Gotta introduce the kids to the #CowbellSketch tonight.
RT Over the years, I’ve witnessed the courage of athletes in Olympic Games but I’ve never seen greater Olympic courage than th…
Dude - she’s probably an AI-generated automaton…
Worked so well for Wimpy though!
This has go to stop. I am wondering if now is the time to have a discussion Or are you waiting for (un)lucky #13?
Maybe they’re trying to tell you something? Or maybe a friend is?
#community emotions are real.
So I can buy the "second chances" bit. The problem I see is the view that this is _only_ the second chance that Evangelicals have given him.
Good news Joel! Do let us know how the presentation goes and if we can be of any more assistance!
Looking forward to this #devrel book
We are more than happy to assist you on the path!
We at would be happy to assist - have you reached out via our community at
RT Everything you need to know about using Tor Browser: #Tor #privacy #CyberSecurity #VPN #InfoSec #brows…
Great suggestions for building a developer #community
RT If you think you’ve found a root cause, keep digging. “Root Cause is Plural”
RT We are delighted to announce the signing of from Arsenal. Full details:
RT 🎹 Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. Introducing #Alexis7… #GGMU #MUFC
RT Hiring experienced software engineers for Startup environment without startup risk. Remote work. Great cultur…
ROI on #devrel is far from an exact science... Good talk here from
Can't. Stop. Laughing. "There's Jerry!"
I've been a longtime user (sometimes as a hobby, more often as a daily user) of #Linux since my first Slackware book in the early 90s - love it.
RT Mulvaney never saw it coming and accused Wallace of "splitting hairs." It didn't go over well.
Good #opensource story about the formation
Doesn't that imply that they're checking that you do?
New version of the popular HTML/CSS framework looks to be a good step. I guess I have some sites to look at updating.
RT This is scary, because if you miss deadlines, you can lose trust. And then you have to explain. But then again, you have to e…
Is it slippery when dropped? Sounds dangerous.
Me thinks didn't quite research this one as the article is all over the place and seems they're looking at the mobile app, not the Android TV app
Am I missing something?
Plus your article says "The app was (and still is) marked as incompatible" and then a paragraph later "The Play Store listing for Prime Video now shows the app as compatible"... So which is it
Um... Works just fine on my Shield... Was included in a software upgrade if I recall correctly.
Great to see this feature move live!
No. They aren't. ICE still works and will continue their reign of terror.
This definitely might come in handy! Lost count of the number of times I am about to swipe one notification away and a new one comes in and gets swiped instead - and I don't know what I was being notified about! Lottery win? Collusion? Impeachment? I DON'T KNOW BUT I WANT TO!!!
Does this strike anyone else as part of the problem? When someone shares something to someone else, and that person trusts that person, if they don’t use critical thinking skills or check sources, they’ll think it’s “fact" based on “trust”. Regardless of Truth.
Of course making me want a #Pixel2 even more....
Don’t worry about the #TrumpShutdown though - he’ll still make money.
RT One of the key features of our Identity platform 🔐 is now available to power 🆙 your SaaS. Discover 🔌 →
RT [NEWS] Initial Keynote Speakers Announced for The Linux Foundation Open Source Leadership Summit:
The First Amendment is one of the most vital tenets of the Constitution and it's being eroded almost daily by the very person, and institutions, sworn to defend it.
I would have to agree… One of my favorite REM songs, but Lacuna Coil did it quite well and in their own styling.
Some pretty good tips for #remoteworking
Finally Google moves in this direction - late to the party it would seem. Will have to check it out in order to see how it compares to other services like
Fantastic whitepaper on using #GNSS raw measurements on Android 7+ devices - great work by the GSA GNSS Raw Measurements Task Force! Thanks to for sharing!
Here we are again, hitting the satire right in the real gut…
Pretty good summarization of #opensource licensing
We will soon be deploying a workaround fix until LinkedIn resolves their API break. Our fix is only temporary though until they provide the permanent fix.
interesting - looks like the Nano S can also work as a Fido U2F auth...
RT A true high-tech POTUS, Hayes was friends w/inventors like Edison &amp; Bell. Showed their wares in White House, knowing it…
Commercial for internet says "Game-changing internet speeds of 200MB"... Making me glance at my box and chuckle... Maybe Spectrum didn't get the memo?
#SeparateWindow
Great webinar coming up January 30 with and
RT “Until Haiti spoke… no Christian nation had abolished slavery. Until she spoke… the slave trade was sanctioned by all the…
Currently we are experiencing issues with LinkedIn login connections due to changes they made to their People API - more information is available on our page -
Currently we are experiencing issues with LinkedIn login connections due to changes they made to their People API - more information is available on our page -
Glad to hear it's working now. We are investigating reports similar to yours 🔍 - in the meantime if you have issues logging in you can directly access - will have any outage reports if they occur
You encourage me to read your tweets and blog posts. Isn't that enough?
Ooh, I like that one.... I was looking at this one as well from
RT KANSAS WINS!! The Jayhawks stage their largest road-comeback in more than 20 years to take down No.6/7 West Virginia in Morgan…
RT This week on Glitch, we look into the power of open licenses and communities, and learn how to make sure the promise of open so…
Yeah that's nice
So my laptop bag is falling apart and I need some new options to replace it. Something that will handle a lot of airline travel but also be easy enough to use going to the coffee shop. Anyone have suggestions?
Can you please verify again? We have identified that everything is working now
Thank you for reaching out to us - we are investigating further - will also have updated info as it comes out. 🙏
Thank you - we are investigating further - will also have updated info as it comes out. 🙏
Thanks - we are investigating further - will also have updated info as it comes out. 🙏
The service has recovered. We will post more details at Also you can follow Apologies for the issues
The service has recovered. We will post more details at Also you can follow Apologies for the the issues
RT Today we honor Martin Luther King Jr., who understood and fought for the promise of America: That our children will not be jud…
RT “I got arrested, beaten, left bloody and unconscious. But I haven’t given up. And you cannot give up.” An inspiring #MLKDay…
Good words from President Calvin Coolidge on "America First" and what that truly should mean
Check out this Online Meetup Wed Feb 7: Online Meetup #0 - Security in 2018 #Meetup
But you need it? 😎🤔
Really? Define "need".
RT “There is a final reason I think that Jesus says, ‘Love your enemies.’ It is this: that love has within it a redemptive powe…
RT Infrastructure terminology that all developers should know
Having been in the coffee business in a past life, these are good things to be aware of!
RT 2.7M guests from Airbnb decided that countries in Africa, El Salvador, and Haiti were beautiful enough to visit. When we embra…
Sure looked like in the replay that he pointed in the direction of Newman just before the technical
A good set of steps for anyone to follow when dealing with customers, from tech support reps to community managers to CEOs.
RT 🇺🇸'As recent unfortunate events have demonstrated, we cannot be complacent about racism &amp; bigotry...If someone, even a fr…
They're not even trying at this point
Quite an interesting tutorial from - something that devs have been doing for years already, but good to see it brought into the mainstream.
"Pure and genuine religion in the sight of God the Father means caring for orphans and widows in their distress and refusing to let the world corrupt you." -James 1:27
RT The president’s views on where immigrants to the US should come from have been telegraphed for awhile. It’s why he referenc…
RT Meltdown and Spectre Status Update
RT “When people show you who they are, believe them.” - Dr. Maya Angelou
That's quite a cactus you have there Wilkin
Thats usually my experience, with no one wanting to make eye contact.
Thanks. Do you give towels with your showers?
"snort"
RT Read about the four-year-long journey 💫 Auth0 took to deliver the tools needed by both field engineers and our customers to impl…
A good thread here
RT NodeSource releases Node by Numbers 2017 analysis
Great webinar happening Tuesday Jan 30, 2018
RT Product announcement in 1 hour, right here on Periscope. Press, george for questions afterward.
Maybe not the best company to be talking about, or even making jokes about, a hack/vulnerability
RT The power just went out at #CES2018, an electronics convention
RT Last year we open sourced internal docs, covering our philosophy, processes, and policies for using, releasing,…
RT We help get code in and out of Google, often releasing code to push the industry forward, share best practices, or demo some…
Nothing like light-hearted reading from
RT Auto-deploy Mattermost Team Edition 4.5.0 (open source Slack-alt) to Google Cloud. Thanks &amp;
We use ours for all sorts of things, from trivia to music to weather, news, and jokes. The possibilities are endless
Holy crap... #musthave
Commercial from AT&amp;T &amp; Apple just listed all the "future" things that the iPhone X brings to the present... Like face unlock, wireless charging, AR, etc... Which means Android phones have been futuristic for years! Except for Animoji... Groundbreaking feature... #smh
Because Kansas... #ksleg
Congratulations mate!
One of the true IT jokes...
#SaveNetNeutrality - call your senators!
RT Learn what you need to know about the #Meltdown and #Spectre vulnerabilities ☠️ as an Auth0 customer, and as an individual as w…
RT KPTI - the new kernel feature to mitigate "meltdown"
RT DevRel is really hard to quantify and value in business terms. Let’s help by filling out her survey!
RT Learn how easy it is to build web applications with and add authentication the right way 🔐 →
RT “I want all of the girls watching here now to know, that a new day is on the horizon.” accepts the 2018 Cecil B. d…
RT Check out our live stream starting at 7pm Las Vegas (PT) time covering the event at #CES2018 on our Facebook…
RT If you have/use any Western Digital MyCloud drives, recommend disconnecting them immediately and transitioning the data to ano…
I can haz many faces? #community #opensource
Forget that Charbucks crap, is where it's at
Amazing... But what about men in their 40s? Asking for a friend.
Seems like a waste for a few of those ingredients
Would have to depend on the beer offering....
A modern #identitymanagement platform is essential to any organization - and can even increase revenue - see how #Auth0 can help in this Forrester study
Who has the most season ending victories against us? Might be a good start
For all my TypeScript friends
So did you drink the beer or did they use the beer? A bit confused here. Also, Corona as the example beer? Sounds just like Texas.
Well now I need to leave my phone in rice to soak up all the coffee I just spewed on it as I read this. Thanks
Being vulnerable as a leader goes against all the old ways of leading - but it's the right way to lead
Great way to start a fantastic series of #Bosch books
Yes, agreed. The perception, and what the article discusses, is that it is a risk
RT FT - #MUFC 2 Derby 0. A screamer and a cool finish from send us through to the next round of the…
Yep - I think that about says it.
#opensource and #risk are often heard together - here's a great talk about managing both of them
Not sure I will make it to #oscon this year, but if you're interested in speaking, the CFP is open until the 30th
RT I just removed the "Intel inside" sticker from my laptop. Security by obscurity FTW.
RT is hiring like crazy. Come join us and be part of an amazing company!
RT How AWS &amp; Canonical help power self-driving cars, retailers and more via
"check your sources" as a skill seems to have been lost over the last few years - but is needed now more than ever, with the man in the oval office spouting off lies and sharing actual #fakenews at a horrifying rate
This is fantastic - but a bit sad that we're almost 20% of the way through the 21st century and this is news... Guess how many are minorities or below the age of general retirement?
If you want to see in a dress on stage, make sure to catch him at MongoDB.local in Seattle!
I want to say we’re stronger and more resilient than that - but at this point I just don’t know.
Yeah - makes sense! I am looking over their stuff and likely going with the HSM. Disappointed that it’s only 2048 max RSA
Going to check them out - any better in your mind (other than the open hardware/software) than Yubikey?
Good look back at 's past year and where the project is going
RT #Nginx is the web server of the year for the 8th year in a row.
Can’t imagine why not…. #SaveNetNeutrality
RT Check out our super AMA with Martin "Gonto" Gontovnikas, VP of #Growth &amp; #Marketing at h…
Good write-up on building packages
Quite an interesting article....
No worse than having #JoeBuck call Game 7 of the 2014 World Series… I believe he and #Bumgardner had to get a room after the game considering how much Joe talked up him and the Giants.. You never knew the Giants were playing anyone
ermahgerd! This is amazing. I think it’s beats sliced bread for the best thing ever
RT Hey all you fabulously fantastic folks… I’m looking for my next adventure! I would love to be in a developer relations ro…
Finally got around to watching #TheBigSick from with my wife for our date night in and it was fantastic! Highly recommend it!
RT 57' - GOAAAALLLLLL! breaks the deadlock with a delightful finish!
Wonders never cease...
So. Much. Win.
RT The #opensource program at was initially just a mailing list. Find out what drives Dropbox’s open source prog…
RT Trump said that the Russia investigation makes the United States "look very bad." Trump is wrong. A foreign government…
Ahh temporary bookmarks.. I've had the same temporary bookmarks since Netscape 1.0
You do realize this has nothing to do with usage...
What is this sorcery?
Thank you for keeping the best decade for alternative rock alive
This is my OnePlus 5T with the factory-shipped screen protector, err I mean factory dust collector, on it. This is pathetic
In some cases you might get your MBA before you close all your tabs
The music when shopping at is always on point... makes me want to never leave. #90sRock
RT Restaurant menus should have a 'hunger emergency' section which lists dishes that can be on your table in less than 3 minute…
RT We've seen some improvements, and that's not nothing. But not the revolutionary rework it needs. Telegram still seems to encou…
RT "An API is only as good as the frontend that consumes it." via
RT More from the category of “things a professional editor never imagined they’d need to tell someone”
I have the Karbon bumper case and the stock screen protector that comes with it.. and there is 1cm from the edge of the screen protector to the case where dust collects, and the protector itself attracts dust
Yes, but is it a dust magnet like the built-in screen protector is?
RT How blockchain is redefining trust:
But yet, Graham is correct. 😜
But yet, what if I told you it is, and also isn't? It's also Marketing, and also isn't. It's also Product, and also isn't.
Drop a picture of you that could be an album cover.
"self" hosted via Vercel or Netlify. Free and simple.
RT 4 rules.
This is a horrible idea. Makes the negative feelings towards all of the security hoops even stronger, and doesn't actually encourage good behavior.
Happy Birthday Tim! 🎂🎉
Love this for you Dom!
Gotta love when lobbyist’s get triggered when they realize their benefactors might be a bit pissed, so they lie. They 1) aren’t setting prices, it’s opening up negotiation for Medicare, 2) patients don’t want to pay more prices, and 3) doctors shouldn’t care. Fuck off
Yes, but it’s usually very short (&lt;30s) &amp; is never the first slide. If the conference has introduced me, then I’ll either fill in any gaps, or use that space to thank them for having me as well as remind the audience to visit the sponsors &amp; show appreciation to the other speakers
A gaggle of sunflowers in the morning
Dude.
Well look at you!! What Battlestar Trek character are you?
Scream this from the rooftops. Proving your #DevRel team's value based on what matters to the business, and with what aligns with the different areas of the business, is integral to your success. Alignment doesn't mean 100%, but it also doesn't mean 0% either.
Nice night for high school football
RT I've given Chris a hard time for years now about the way he frames the reaction to these stories. It's not "nuts". It's a comm…
RT We're really thankful for all those who have made it out to our #DevOps KC Meetups this year. Visit our 2023 Meetup YouTube p…
RT We need a standard way to visualizing both the architecture as well as the activity of an LLM (and to generalize, of any a…
It looks right ("but I have illegible handwriting")
This is the funniest thing I read today
RT New Linux support lets users program their Linux devices as if they were regular Arduinos: htt…
RT Why track and review your #opensource code? This Open Source Guide via us and digs in:
Az does a great job with his art and you should really check out his Youtube channel -
Hard to believe it’s already been a year. #CarrieFisher #CarrieOnForever #PrincessLeia
Dogs
Um - - so you have this great thing called “Virtual Account Numbers” for purchasing online. But, the web-based version to get said virtual number requires Flash - the proverbial Swiss cheese of security nightmares. #nope #insecurity
You know you've been on hold too long when you've hit that "you know this hold music is kinda catchy in a toe-tapping sort of way" threshold
#notAliens
Great, everyday counterintelligence for everyone has entered beta for Android - and it's #opensource
#SaveNetNeutrality
Fantastic final episode for Capaldi and - here's to the Thirteenth Doctor!
RT We wish everyone a wonderful and secure Christmas along your beloved ones! 🎄❤️🔐 #HappyHolidays #MerryChristmas
Fantastic announcement from - it's important to give back to #opensource, whether monetarily or with your time.
#DieHardIsAChristmasMovie
RT Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens …
RT Sen. Bernie Sanders on DACA: “If we do not act, you’re going to have 800,000 people with no legal status who will be subject to de…
But... Russia is our friend! They wouldn't do such a thing! We shouldn't be worried about them! Instead we should work with them! Her emails tho.... "Russian hackers targeted more than 200 journalists globally" - Source: Associated Press
This is not normal.
Dockerize all teh things!
RT If I could send one message to the Republicans Trump is holding hostage in D.C. and around the nation, it would be this:…
Yeah, JavaScript continues to be solid and what drives much of the Internet... but can we please stop having a new {hipsterframeworkname}.js pop up every few months?
RT "Somewhere, deep inside the box of thinking sand you’re sitting at right now, there’s code you can look at, modify, comp…
TIL that Mueller can indict anyone he wants, but Trump. But not for the reasons you might think.
Fantastic place and great job that and are doing in downtown KC - the coffee scene in KC is so underrated, but one of the most diverse I have seen. #lovekccoffee Go visit them at
#2018 is just around the corner for #opensource
RT Developers can focus on business value 📈 by moving identity and auth to an external service 🌈. Discover 5️⃣ massive benefits of…
RT How blockchain will decentralize power &amp; end corruption. Interview with
Yeah it is good to refresh every once in awhile
Wow...
What is this machete order wizardry?
Ep1-3, R1, Ep4-7… You watch the opening credits of Ep1, and then stop and go to Ep2
In preparation for a Star Wars marathon with the kids before seeing TLJ, the question was posed by me: "Which order do we see them in?" Of course they said chronological, but then I asked "Do we watch Ep1?" to which, almost in unison, they replied: "No! Episode 1 is BAD!!!!"
A great thread on why #NetNetruality needs defending
#MakeAmericaGreatBritainAgain
RT 55% of consumers will choose to use a mobile app again if it's fast and well-performing. Download report here:
RT Trailridge Middle School brought ✌️ hometown heroes together last week when recognized teacher and #Spo…
Sure, but is it an African Swallow?
Kings of #distraction
Stickers are one of the best ways a company can market in #community and #devrel
Rogue ad - I’ve forwarded on to the team to resolve
RT FT: West Brom 1 #MUFC 2. Despite the hosts' second-half goal, the Reds hold on for victory after earlier strikes from
RT 35' - GOAAALLL! West Brom 0 #MUFC 2. A deflected strike puts us two up! #WBAMUN
RT 27' - GOOOAAALLL! West Brom 0 #MUFC 1. Another header and another goal for #WBAMUN
It really reminds me of Jekyll to be honest
Hah yeah. I've moved from WordPress to Jekyll and tested out #GoHugo and liking it and it may become my go-to
What did you migrate from?
I have been impressed with so far
RT If you have even ONE follower who says there was no Trump-Russia collusion, please share this with them. Signs of Collus…
RT 20/ Any American who thinks there's even a 1% chance Trump conspired with our foes should want that 1% possibility 100% i…
RT (THREAD) There's now a rumor in Congress that Trump plans to fire Special Counsel Mueller on December 22. If this happens…
RT ICYMI, we're delighted to announce we've partnered with to bring DuckDuckGo private search within Brave's private ta…
But if is to be believed, they would never do these things. Which of course would be a change of heart since they've done these things which is why we had/NEED #NetNeutality
I really think it is these"screen protectors" they put on them by default.
RT Narrator's voice: Roy was right. God was in control. What he didn't realise was, She's black.
Good luck! Hope you have options.
This is a great move by
RT FACT CHECK: The FCC is not just reversing an Obama-era order. It is reversing policies that have been in place since the dial-up…
the future cup of coffee he will consume
What have we here ? #honor9
As much as I like using the #OP5 and #OP5T - geez are their screens dust magnets
Here at #Auth0 we’re hiring for a Community Engineer to help build, grow and maintain a Community for Developers - if you’re interested, or to find out more, visit and apply at: Also check out our other open positions at
RT Now might be a good time to support Help them fight to restore #NetNeutrality
RT This vote isn't the end of the fight—it's just the beginning. Help us fight back and restore Internet freedom for all.
Hey - maybe put down the conference call with all those who will benefit from your push to scrap #NetNuetrality - and pick up the phone and listen to those who created the thing you want to censor. #SaveNetNeutraility
#SaveNetNeutraility
#opensource ftw
#SaveNetNeutraility
#SaveNetNeutraility
RT Disney and Fox have reached a deal, meaning the X-Men and Fantastic Four are coming back to Marvel. ht…
RT Ok, folks. Roy Moore lost. Steve Bannon is deflated. Omarosa was fired. Can we focus on Puerto Rico again? Many there are s…
RT The FCC is 48 hours away from voting to kill #NetNeutrality, but Congress can still stop them. #BreakTheInternet to stop cens…
#SaveNetNeutraility
RT What are the benefits of #opensource collaboration in #fintech? on the blog:
The creator of the WWW is urging you to save #NetNeutrality
RT #geekhumor
Especially when you compare the tweet this morning about it to that tweet
Great holiday party with #gdgkc tonight!
Agreed. Clear, concise sentences without extra punctuation and no capitalized words.
What makes better than anything else?
RT Decency wins
RT Thank you ALABAMA!!
RT Democrat Doug Jones wins Alabama's Senate special election
RT JONES WINS JONES WINS JONES WINS
Your break down in the middle coupled with your amazing dance moves and tenor backup notes were epic. Brought a tear to an eye. Not mine, but I believe the person at the next table either has allergies or was touched emotionally.
A young hacker at work
RT . gave a very entertaining talk about trends and how scaled content #DevRelConf
RT John Quincy Adams took the oath of office with his hand not on a Bible but on a book of constitutional law.
Sounds like a child-parent relationship.
#SaveNetNeutraility
Quite possibly the best #HarryPotter chapter of all time
RT Leverage best practices for running an open source program office or starting an open source project! These FREE guide…
#SaveNetNeutrality
Makes sense.
RT NEW: Some of the people who literally invented the Internet are calling on Congress to #StopTheFCC from killing #NetNeu…
I feel like I am pulling off a big adulting moment tonight and channeling my inner Mr Rogers. I came home, put on a house coat, and then some slippers. I'm warm, and I'm comfortable. I could get used to this.
RT Install HTTPS Everywhere and make sure available HTTPS doesn't slip through the cracks when you're browsing.
This. So this. #PrivacyMatters
We shall see
RT Get your free Cloud Native Infrastructure E-Book thanks to
I am pleased to announce that as of today I start my new position at as the Developer Community Lead. #remotework #newchallenges #excitement
oh heck yes - #ReadyPlayerOne looks amazing and close to following the book so far - ( h/t / )
That is fluent Russian - without any hesitation to gather his thoughts. Alabama - watch this video and please do not vote for #RoyMooreChildMolester
That's saying something considering the year we lost to TCU by a gazillion
RT NodeSource releases N|Solid 3.0 with large-scale Node.js deployment features
Let's go United! #MUFC
I believe that each state has a number you can call the Attorney General to report a company not adhering to the do not call list. Heavy fines can result.
I would say this is also true of #community
RT Throughout 2018, our 20th Anniversary, we'll be sharing our history and the history of #opensource at various events thr…
While they have always struggled to honor #opensource #gplv2 obligations &amp; requirements, it is no excuse for
RT You asked for it! will issue Wildcard certificates in 2018. Info in this blog: ht…
And the next person to follow you thought your pool smelled like roses. Win-Win
Thanks! You have my address!
You said that irony was the shackles of youth
Had one on my S8 and had the same experience
Problem is people saying something, getting trolled or proven wrong, and then editing and changing their statement entirely. If there was an indicator that a tweet was edited, and then be able to see the original, then it makes sense.
Ahh give me back my text editor
RT Former President Obama urges voters to stay engaged in democracy, warning that complacency was responsible for the rise of Nazi Ge…
RT See how modern #authentication 🔐🌐 can improve your #retail 🛍 business and the impact 📈 it had in other companies.
#SaveNetNeutrality
RT 6/ This is a pattern of behavior in right-wing media and it's primarily directed against women—and usually used to distra…
Great article by on #community
RT Read about 3 data breaches 🔓 to some of the world's strongest cybersecurity systems and how they could have been prevented with…
The moral of the story, is we really just want to see our friends hurt - that's the epitome of friendship, right ? All jokes aside, a really good article Sam.
RT If your life is devoid of dinosaurs and explosions, the #JurassicWorld trailer is here to help.
Looks to be a fantastic online event coming up soon - check it out if you're interested in #serverless and #bots
RT (THREAD) Erik Prince—Trump advisor; ex-head of a murderous mercenary army; would-be head of Trump's private spy agency; w…
RT #Docker official images are now multi-platform aware!
Not to mention "attorney-client privilege" requires, you know, one of them being an attorney.
#ThatsRacist - also, h/t
A great #opensource project to get involved with
RT “Despite the silly name calling my record as a prosecutor speaks for itself and I am a supporter of the Second Amendment…
RT ✨Node.js v8.9.2 (LTS) and Node.js v6.12.1 (LTS) are available. More info on both on the #nodejs blog:
I love for #community support
I ask my Congressmen the following question: / / - would you honestly have put up w/ past Dem presidents saying/doing what Trump has? His blatant lies, racist comments, cluelessness about the Constitution, his leading to nuclear war?
Second time in a year he has finished second to a woman.
This would be the FCC's version of the #GOPTaxScam vote... It's important that we call our Congressmen and demand that they #SaveNetNeutrality
RT Good advice for makers: Relevant to what we're were talking about today,
RT I can't think of a darker day for America than the day a known pedophile is elected to the Senate. Anyone who plays any r…
I hear there was a Porg in the movie... (h/t ) #PorgAdoration
Oooh... Way to keep it old school. That's a good default starting point to be honest
I just treat it like a game - see if I can figure it out quicker than the last hotel room
RT Roy Moore in the US Senate would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation. Leigh Corfman and other victims are courageous he…
RT . is right. A Roy Moore victory is no victory for the GOP and the nation.
RT What slows down your mobile game? check out this great read for developers
With this news that Russia is banned from the 2018 Olympics, expect a tweetstorm from #TrumpPutin - via
In all fairness, he thought it was a kilt
Very nice - I want the 7x! The V10 just seems too big
Wrong. It is one of the greatest Christmas movies!
RT Even as a huge, public fight over the CFPB continues, most Americans have little idea what the agency actually does. I w…
RT Aneesh Chopra, former U.S. Chief Technology Officer from 09-12: "We are increasingly seeing individuals self-select and filter o…
RT 15/ What The Logan Act *actually* prohibits is corresponding with any foreign government (the actus reus) with the "inten…
Some very important information about The Logan Act
It does look to be far enough away as to give you a running chance to avoiding burning down the neighborhood
RT "It's a sad day in Indian Country. It's a sad day for Americans." - Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye on #S…
RT Here's what you need to know about using with Nativetap
RT "An “agile” team isn’t going to get very far if management doesn’t protect their time. And if they don’t have flexibility…
Of course they did - in other news my kid said they didn't eat the cookie that was left out on the counter.
RT Supporters Showing There Team Where To Score A Goal After Not Scoring For The Last 6 Games!
Great guide for any #opensource project
Not necessarily... Successfully had the best at all hours of the day - but always open to letting another place prove me wrong, right ?
RT Sen. Mark Warner: “There has never been, in modern American history, a political campaign that had this much outreach to a foreign…
Send details. Must put it on my to-do list
Reason, I believe, is that Flynn is charged in a State court (D.C. Court) and according to the Constitution the only limits are that pardons are limited to offenses against the U.S. (i.e., not civil or state cases), and they can't affect an impeachment process
. - can a suit be brought against the #GOPTaxScam as unconstitutional, or at least unethical?
Can there be an addon that motorizes my recliner for VR?
RT For all the MAGA types (and non-MAGA like who think I'm exaggerating, here is the conservative Forbes bus…
Verifying myself: I am jerdog on Keybase.io. UtMvED43R7oCCY4bKa0B_pmIFo0WMeCXtXdl /
I know... It's my curse
Can't you just turn your phone off and wait out the day?
Alright then... You pay shipping and it is yours. DM me
It's like Tegra 3 old...
Blasts from the past... #FallCleaning
RT With OpsSight, Black Duck extends its coverage of #opensource #security #vulnerability detection to another area of the…
Look what I just found... OG Ouya1 Gaming Console... Never opened, never used. Anyone want it?
And it'll be even longer before they'll be enough to end this disaster
If you're walking down the street in purple shoes and the FBI asks you if you were wearing purple shoes, and you say no... That's a crime. Lying to the FBI is a crime regardless of if what they're asking you about is a crime or not (in this case it is).
RT MAJOR BREAKING NEWS: President Trump Accidentally Admits on Twitter to Committing Obstruction of Justice (The dates and…
RT 8/ Trump fired Comey—he said it himself, to Lester Holt, on NBC—because of Comey's handling of the "Russia thing." The…
RT Breaking: CONGRESS HAS NOT PASSED A TAX BILL YET. House &amp; Senate passed 2 different bills. Nothing to send to president yet.…
And the #GOP just pulled the proverbial "Hold my beer!"
RT 11' - GOAL! Arsenal 0 #MUFC 2. What a goal! #ARSMUN
So I’m confused - was there collusion or wasn’t there? And yes, it is a crime to collude with a foreign government as a private citizen, much less to win the highest political office in the land. The spin coming out of the WH is laughable - they’re already setting the stage.
And... they have even more of the meats.
RT Productivity is for machines, not for people. There’s nothing meaningful about packing some number of work units into some…
I suggest you look at STM plans
Had great ACA plan w/ tax credit for the last few months of 2017. Couldn't for 2018 since Trump decided not to continue to fund the exchanges, forcing all quality healthcare options out of Kansas. Only options now are STM plans (which actually aren't half bad) from reputable co's
So after many years with my old username - I've finally gone with a new one. Feel free to critique or heap praise. Either way....
And in just under 11 months Trump's Administration already has 4 indictments and 2 convictions. He better step up his game!
RT 62 years ago today, Rosa Parks stood up for what is right, what is fair, and what is just, by sitting down on a Montgomer…
RT Remembering when the Emperor swept away the last remnants of the Old Republic and dissolved the Senate permanently. Good ti…
This is what corruption looks like folks.
Great reason to #BanCollege , right ?
I know. You and me both
Can confirm this all sounds amazing! Here's to hoping I can make it 🤞
Lol, I think you captured it all quite well
Yes! Same, really looking forward to it!
Loved this thread!
RT Championing #OpenSource and its principles isn't being pendantic. It's essential to sustaining the ecosystem that leads…
I did in fact just wamble, but I'm afraid of crapulence
Wrinkling my glabella at a few of these and pinching my columnella nasi in disgust
Ugh - I'm trying to figure out if I'm going or not. I was going to have a ticket, but now I don't. I am waiting on to see if I'll even be in Chicago at the start of the week. If someone has a ticket lying around..... =)
Thanks Shy
And this "can be" is important because there's been too much continual 101-level stuff at conferences, and not enough 201- and 301-level use cases, examples, discussion, _actual_ learning.
Yeah..: 1) As a discipline. over-indexed on these vanity things which mean _nothing_ after a short time, they're largely what Marketing understands, but no one wants to toil and learn to do differently 2) Too much noise around what DevRel is/isn't, and not enough on what can be
RT I have so much respect for Ali. And it only doubled after watching this. It is courageous to make content highlighting t…
It's been 2 weeks exactly from the time of this tweet that I was laid off from CircleCI, and it's still a bit surreal.
Oh yes! This will be a great talk, at a great conference, and now I gotta make sure I'm there!
Today's Image of the Day: Hurricane Idalia in the Gulf of Mexico -
RT You may not like it, but this is what peak app design looks like.
I haven't in a long time, but it's great advice. I think the biggest challenge is organization around what you're doing, and encapsulating that into an email, complete with all the context switching that often happens.
Thank you for the heartfelt laughter 😂
SAD.
This. And please don’t have them ask the local hipsters for a new design.
RT With the Special Counsel and FBI verifying so many news reports from the last year, seems pretty clear why the WH and its v…
Support the like your future depends on it
RT 49/ It can't be overstated that Flynn had been assumed to be one of the primary targets of the Trump-Russia probe—so him…
This thread lays out what all this means with Flynn
Who would have guessed it… #MoscowMisha is a singer! #TrumpRussia is in full swing now!
Great thread on working with newer writers in an established group of writers.
RT More than 2400 representatives from Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Sikh, Buddhist and other faith traditions from around the…
I seem to think that we’ve seen this movie before… Many different variations on this theme….
Oh FFS - not this again. The is pushing forward something that not everyone has had a chance to read, debate, etc. Sure, I get it that any call for bipartisanship by either party is just lip service - but come on - at least have the common decency to follow procedure
So it isn't the time to discuss gun violence when it is happening, and now the NRA is pushing (and the GOP is enabling) wider adoption of concealed carry to those who shouldn't be allowed to carry by any stretch of the imagination. Got it. making sense yet again.
Which values would that be Mr. Moore? Asking for the rest of the world so that we can be clear, given what we know about you.
RT Here's a brief container explainer to help you brush up on a few modern development concepts:
If KU shoots from outside the way they did last game, they’ll break that 2-3 zone down just fine.
As an independent android developer, if you haven’t already heard about #xdalabs from - you should check it out. It’s a community-centered, app distribution platform for indie devs AND a great way to browse the forums!
RT If NBC maintains financial ties with Trump—if it still owes him royalties or in any way profits from its past association…
RT Backup and Sync your Postman Collections on GitHub:
RT From the one-sidedness with which it was drafted to the reckless haste with which it was considered – the #GOPTaxBill has f…
RT The American ppl are clamoring for us to work together. They believe our politics is broken. They think our politics is sta…
RT The #GOPTaxBill will balloon the deficit by at least $1.5 TRILLION: adding to the debt burden borne by the next generation…
RT To be clear: the #GOPTaxBill will increase the deficit which will cannibalize support from everything we know is essential…
To - Please don’t vote to take health care from 13mil Americans, don't raise taxes on tens of millions of middle-class families, don't open the door to deep cuts to Social Security and Medicare, and don't do it all to pay for a massive giveaway to the superrich.
Lucky.
#MakeAmericaBritishAgain
RT We believe technology should be open and accessible to all, and that includes voice.
Holy. Crap. #InfinityWarTrailer #InfinityWar
#SaveNetNeutrality
Fantastic thread on #NetNeutrality by - Call your Congressmen and #SaveNetNeutrality
RT "Those who, for what may be political reasons, foment fear of migrants instead of building peace are sowing violence, racial…
Fantastic! Free, open source VPN solution built into the kernel layer and zero corporate backing and GPLv2! Great job #wireguard
Always good to keep things in perspective
Wish I was in London! This would be a great set of talks to go to!
RT Major tech companies team up on open-source license compliance
RT The FCC’s decision to gut net neutrality protections isn’t just partisan business as usual; it’s a withdrawal from over a decade o…
And yet you're still wanted...
Good. Then can we just go back to Britain? #MakeAmericaBritishAgain
It isn't like they were silenced....
I honestly do not understand how anyone would be for this bill at this point. It continues to look like a complete kickback for all of Trumps wealthy friends and businessmen
Going to have to try and make a few of these this coming year
That look when you're already down 3-0 to #ManUtd by the 32'...
Great combination, #opensource and #fintech
RT Kotlin 1.2 is Here!
Another absolutely amazing video from
Haven't started watching it myself... I know once I start watching I won't be able to stop
RT Trump's Pocahontas remark would have been a career-ending scandal under a normal president.... Calling a Senator a dero…
Not sure I fully follow why they would
Evidently he looked in the mirror this morning
RT Jacqueline Pata, exec director of National Congress of American Indians, tells me the issue is he's using the name of a real, r…
Using an acoustic coupler to access the information superhighway at mind-numbing 300 bits per second
RT Our President joked about "Pocahontas" in front of Navajo Code Talkers behind a portrait of Andrew Jackson. Where are all the…
RT The President of the United States owes an Apology to the entire Native American Population of this country today His…
RT Those earning under $40,000 are all losing out under the GOP tax bill, according to the CBO.
This recruitment video is AWESOME!
I truly enjoy reading each episode of the Bulletin, but it's also almost 2018 and they are still sending out physical magazines with envelopes and postage. Imagine how much they're spending which could be digitized with the cost going elsewhere?
#SaveNetNeutrality
Glad he clarified who our Favorite President is... lest we assume he was referring to someone else
RT Dear Republicans: You CAN NOT be both Pro-Life and Pro-Roy Moore at the same time. That would make you a Pro-Hypocrite!
RT #GOPTaxPlan is for millionaires. (and those elected, who’s campaigns they donated to)
RT This is your president telling you to vote for a man who has sex with children.
These are the crimes Trump evidently doesn't want dealt with
RT ***THIS IS NOT JUST ABOUT YOUR TAX RETURN*** This bill guts health care, it will cause cuts to Medicaid funding, it does…
Honestly we're past due for another crash - the market is so inflated and valuations are ridiculous
Yeah we'll definitely disagree on that one... 🤣😂
Oh Trump and Putin have probably discussed it over a breakfast of kasha and vodka. Just not in the way they should discuss it.
RT My take is that we lose when we play these kind of games with Russia. They will always up the ante and win t…
RT It's not CNN's job to represent the U.S to the world. That's yours. Our job is to report the news. #FactsFirs…
RT If President Trump knew the facts, he would never have sent that tweet. Here is my (late) camerawo…
RT At CNN we dodge bullets to bring you the news. Nothing fake about that. #FactsFirst 🍎
Going to go out on a limb here and say that if Russia wants this guy then we absolutely must have him.
RT According to those in Alabama there are several local billboard companies refusing to run this Anti Roy Moore ad... It w…
Why can't people just say he lied? Maybe he is just prepping for that new fake magazine cover he has displayed in his facilities
RT Amazing that we are even having this discussion
RT Download this free guide for startups, small businesses, and engineers tasked with shipping products that contain GNU…
Powerball called me this evening to tell me I was PROBABLY going to win the jackpot tomorrow, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
This is ridiculous. It's their right to stay open or not.
RT We are ready to dominate the snack industry! Once you crunch into these bad boys, you’ll go HOG WILD!
RT "An open, cloud-agnostic ecosystem, lets developers go back to doing what they do best, solving the worlds problems one lin…
Great move by and one more #opensource projects should adopt as well
RT Welcome to the (brand new) AWS Open Source Blog!
RT The #MacysThanksgivingParade just introduced 98 Degrees as an "ageless boy band" despite the fact that they have aged, a…
You too mate. Happy Thanksgiving to your family!
#SaveNetNeutrality
There's always 2018!
RT (THREAD) BREAKING: Allegations Trump spoke to Putin via speakerphone at the 2013 Miss Universe pageant, discussing both h…
Great move by
Woohoo! Tommorow has been proclaimed a Day of Thanksgiving by our President! We should all get the day off and celebrate! Thank you so much Mr. President! #BizarroWorld
Actually, I would. But I wouldn’t give him the free reign to say whatever he wanted - he’d be treated the same as anyone else welcomed into my home.
And yet Evangelicals in the GOP can’t push hard enough for Trump to be unmerciful and unwelcoming to those here who they don’t want (LEGAL residents, etc.). Go figure. Seems many have lost the plot.
Every single thing those in Trump's orbit have said about themselves and the Russians have been false.
Disgusting. Hey care to respond?
WTF? Absolutely not OK and shameful
Sounds like an owner problem? Or maybe you need more sheep in your Scottish backyard
That look when someone leaves the restroom and sees you waiting in line... And they know what you're about to encounter...
Maybe you choose the wrong dogs? Anything that either resembles a gerbil/hamster on steroids or that has a bark that sounds like you sat on a child’s squeaky toy is not a dog - it’s a rodent.
Refusing to substantiate a claim made as a rebuttal of an accusation can almost 100% of the time be viewed as a false claim.
Does it need to be unopened? Because I guarantee I can find a bonfire nearby to throw this in first
Dogs rule. Cats drool.
RT "What is the Open Web?" We join for a Twitter discussion via #EDENChat at the top of the hour (19.00 UTC).…
Would be funny if wasn’t likely true… Gamification doesn’t always work in every sector
Why? Just, Why? #HowToMakeYourKidHateYou101 #HowToMakeYourReadersHateYou #CatsAreEvil
Oh now this looks interesting!
RT "The FCC should be fighting to enforce our rights, not negotiating the terms of their demise.” - in
RT You can tell Ajit Pai knows he's doing a bad thing if he's going to announce it on the week of a major holiday and rush it…
RT How to implement passwordless real-name and age verification policies with and Auth0 🔑 → #…
RT Know what's at stake if the FCC proceeds with its plan to gut #NetNeutrality
RT The Evolving Developer Advocate Role - A Conversation with Google's Kim Bannerman
RT I wrote an article with my key takeaways on community building from discussions with community leaders from
And today the Internet calls you out for being a liar What was feared from the very beginning, that you would act on the very wishes of the corps, has happened. We must #SaveNetNeutrality
RT Please read and act. #NetNeutrality
#SaveNetNeutrality
#SaveNetNeutrality
Favorite word to use.
#SaveNetNeutrality
RT Another heartless decision by the Trump Administration, this time ending temporary protected status for Haitians in the US.…
RT I’m starting to believe nothing should be designed in a day. A design needs to stand up to fresh eyes in the morning.
RT Ready to sped up the move to production using #Docker? We've put together a handy checklist for you! ht…
RT If this tax bill is not stopped, it will be the end of the American era. Public education crushed, brain drain of advan…
Default should be #opensource
This is going to provide so much benefit to the middle class and lower who send their kids to private schools. SAD!
RT We can learn a lot from looking at what other open source communities are doing successfully. writes about h…
RT (THREAD) In this thread, a longtime criminal attorney analyzes one of the most pressing questions in American life today:…
Support #NetNeutrality
Not just breakfast.
And if you're lucky you get a comedy show
RT URGENT call to action to protect #NetNeutrality. The FCC is about to announce a vote to slash net neutrality rules, allo…
#remotework enables a company to be extremely resourceful and bring together a very diverse, intelligent workforce that they wouldn't necessarily have if they only hired in one area - not to mention being able to keep them as life events happen.
#FakeNews as it was obviously the cats in collusion with the dog keeper
Then I guess you'll have a lot of pictures to show off
take pictures for her first date. Also, what example are you setting for her?
#RIPMalcolm
Well for some reason the video didn't share... So here we go again
RT Retweet if you would *not* benefit from a private jet tax break.
Well - has successfully made #ATLAS show us how, instead of world domination, it will compete in the 2020 Olympics.
I was introduced to a brand new, amazing invention in a car today. They call it a turn signal, and it let's people know your intention to go a certain direction. I was utterly amazed. What are they going to think of next? Something that lets people know that you are braking? &lt;/S&gt;
RT Be a part of #Galileo history! 28-29 November: The 1st Galileo User Assembly in #Madrid. Register now:
Duh! Everyone knows "Destiny's Child" is the child that was destined to be.
RT Establishing structure means looking at all of your activities and asking yourself, "What can I scale &amp; repeat?"
If you're one of the first 20 developers to signup for FREE MobileIQ service you'll receive a $100 Amazon Gift Card - with Black Friday coming up that's like FREE money!
Nice.... But what about the normal taxpayer and how we will get screwed?
Congratulations #SanAntonio - you're joining an exclusive club!
RT APIs are an effective way to build and manage mobile services - make sure you take the right steps to a high-performing &amp; r…
RT KANSAS WINS!! #ChampionsClassic
RT A gunman in California killed 4 people today during a shooting rampage -- and an even greater horror may have been narrowly…
Good guy !!
RT Almost game time in Chicago. #kubball vs. Kentucky. Follow along on our game blog:
RT Facebook open sources new build features for Android developers
Going to jump in and guess what the rhetoric will be in just a few minutes... "Now is not the time for a discussion."
Asking "Why now?" seeks to invalidate and distract.
RT Report: Majority of developers are involved with evaluating and purchasing software tools
RT Optimization best practices for mobile network performance -
A decentralized professional platform.. Very interesting
RT Happy birthday to the great who continues to do not only incredible comedy but incredible social commentary.
it matters, but only for some sports. At this point we have accepted that #kufball is just going to suck. Unless the Athletic Department wants to take steps to prove otherwise.
Support #NetNeutrality
RT These #opensource guides will help your organization leverage best practices to build a strong open source program off…
RT I have seen the classified information on Russian hacking. has received classified briefings. I can tell you…
On the one hand, I get it. But on the other hand, it's not like it was all that hard to request one for each website. But hey... Options.
So he is saying to vote against him. Alabamans, pay attention.
This, so much this.
I know the difference… otherwise I would have used the handle if I was referencing them specifically - but I wasn’t. On purpose. Sorry I confused you :P
Because, you know, providing for legal representation is a good thing.
A sad state of affairs.
On the one hand, I get it. But on the other hand, it's not like it was all that hard to request one for each website. But hey... Options.
oh how I miss those talent show days.
This is how changes happen with these monsters.
Great #BaconThoughts on failure and making the most of it.
RT VIDEO: Hyperledger, A Greenhouse Incubator for Blockchain Projects
i had. It's been awhile though since I used. Been using Fenix and it has some nice workflow
problem I see with is lack of 280 tweet support (both viewing and composing)
yeah used to use Tweetings.. had some issues with high memory usage it seemed with multiple accounts...
I'm an Android guy... But that app looks nice
yeah Fenix has been pretty solid for me, but I noticed the others I mentioned had made some nice improvements
no variety with you mate
To my Twit friends... What app are you using these days? With Plume, Fenix, Falcon, and Finch looking solid, it would be interesting to see what everyone else is using.
Developers don't like writing documentation. They just want to code. #OpenSource communities can to do a better job of making it known areas that someone can contribute, regardless of if they are a dev or not.
Where did you get this magical entree?
RT This is good.
"might be some areas of light turbulence" is the pilot equivalent of the "you're going to feel some light pressure" from a nurse. #nothinglightaboutit
Well according to Trump he's the only one the country needs, so no reason to keep anyone around at
Same reason they won't do anything about Trump's continual, blatant violations of Code of Conduct on the platform but will with people who have significantly less (or no) reach
RT Ask us anything about #NGINX in next week's live AMA webinar
My driver in a nice Mercedes thinks it's ok to use a toothpick while driving... And in the rearview mirror....
The Christmas episode can't get here fast enough - going to miss Capaldi but excited for this new direction. Problem is we'll get to see the new Doctor for a minute or two and then have to wait for Autumn 2018.. The world could end by then.
Yep. Always makes me laugh.
I do find it mildly humorous the number of people I see here bundled up like it's 30F degrees... When it's twice that.
RT Congratulations to on winning his fourth #GoldGlove!
RT The team at saw 80% error rescue and increase in user engagement with Packetzoom's SDK. #mobileexpresslane read c…
Fantastic job done by you and the team! #DCSF17
This was an absolutely fantastic movie that had me and the kids riveted the entire time. Kept us going with humor and action and storyline.
Use a good authenticator with secure backup options
#2FA is great and absolutely needed - but SMS in the mix is fraught with issues and security/privacy risks. Good rundown by
Such tax break for the middle class. Much winning. So tired of winning. Please stop.
RT Come check out our startup alley and say hi to &amp; #DCSF17
RT Our Mobile IQ Beta is Live! Find out how you can get a $100 Amazon gift card:
oh it happened. you might need to overnight them some more.
RT #OpenSource strategy expertise? It's yours for free:
Gathering around the fire at the #DCSF17 after party
I think a little timeline cleanser is in order
RT Thank you to all of you who came out to our August #DevOps KC meetup this Tuesday with from . His slides…
These are soo good! I personally love #2 (arms crossed) or #4, but they're all so good Colleen!
It's also why I've ended up getting Slurpee's more in the last year than in the last 20.
Hey now, a fart can be a good propellant
That's the most amazing birthday party ever! 🎉🪅🥳
RT The front page of tomorrow's – I shed many tears while typing up these heart-wrenching text messages sent…
Oh Tim! Love this joy for you! 💕
We could always use GitHub followers.
Some fantastic advice from Amanda!!
I'm not there, sadly, but HAPPY BIRTHDAY KASLIN!!!!
She finally gave way to an old man
Well, fair, but then it's all shit
Today's Image of the Day: Guy Bluford, the First African American in Space -
Uh... hmm
Me. The tour (cc: does a good job highlighting this
A few things have changed....
You have seen me - there's no debating that I'm Murdoch
Won't disagree. Are you thinking "treated as special operations" as the ones you call in to get a deal across the line, etc.?
Come to KC Ben!
RT GitHub introduces a new developer Community Forum and Marketplace free trials
RT Nobody even fact-checked Donna Brazile's documents. They were too busy piling on to Clinton for a NON-STORY. After 20 Y…
Only a week ago, but this event was fantastic. Great job done by all the teams at #droidconuk #droid2gether weekend. Next year anyone?
Who in Trump's sphere DOESN'T have ties to Putin/Kremlin? How is this not clear to people?
RT In addition to offering my prayers and thoughts I also believe Congress must take action on gun violence (2/2)
I'm here with your team team at #droidconsf - where are you?
Google finished 2.0 "Eclair" before 1.6 "Donut" was shipped... #DCSF17
Android's initial robot naming with "Astro Boy" and "Bender" gave way to desserts with 1.5 "Cupcake" #DCSF17
Timeline from OHA announcement of Android "idea", funny responses from people no longer around, and release. #DCSF17
Introducing #DCSF17 keynote is
Ready for the #DCSF17 Keynote from and on "Android History, from the Inside"
Lines are forming for #DroidconSF #DCSF17
A good morning for #DCSF17 with a stop at
RT So hyped for tomorrow!! So many good talks lined up
This whole agreement revolves around the GENERAL ELECTION, not the primaries. Bernie wasn't affected. Let's move on.
RT The annual Linux Kernel development report has been released! Download here:
Anyone in town for #DCSF17 know of anything going on this evening?
RT How to save an unplanned mobile app release. great read by
RT Hyperledger is led by a diverse group of technical, open source contributors. Learn how you can get involved:
Meh... I didn't want any mail today anyways
So about Sessions.. He recused himself from the #TrumpRussia investigation - his replacement wouldn't be. That's bad news for Mueller case
Because, #Murica!
**ba-beep** "Hey mom, can Brandon come over and play today?"
A job well done by the #substratum team
I know that to actually be the case in the past with OEMs like OnePlus - announcing leaked sw availability is their desire.
Let me give you a different take - most of these OEMs purposely leak these to see how they perform and what opinion is before release.
XDA has always allowed for posting of OEM software leaks unless an OEM requests it be taken down. Calling it warez is a bit of a stretch?
RT 1/2: Our Open Source Guides were created to help you create an #opensource strategy. How can you best utilize them? (p…
Have you seen those groundhogs? They deserve a good roasting
#ThorRagnarok is on with the kids tonight at
Looking forward to hitting up #DCSF17 in a few days!
Well I don't know about you but I always roast my groundhogs
RT The House this morning passed its bill to reauthorize federal funding for CHIP.
"Thanksgiving: the only holiday where you deep fat fry the mascot" - spot on from #IsItTurkeyDayYet
Gamification baby
I see a new VR/AR app in your future. #DressRussellinVRAR
In retrospect I should have put in to speak at #DCSF17 as well
Thanks! Always enjoy speaking at #DroidconUK - will publish my slides sometime soon. #DCSF17 coming up next!
This is what Ty should have worn at #DroidconUK
You gotta wonder though - at this point... Will Congress even care? They've had a bill to protect Mueller from Trump for months now.
Right so that isn't 'gentle parenting' - that's just poor discipline and such. When that happens you turn around and ignore 😊
Yes! This is fantastic for password managers and those who need/use them!
Every child is different - you cannot treat them all the same. Instead you must work with who they are. 'Gentle parenting' has many defs
RT “Allahu Akbar” is a prayer; if we don’t understand how radical Islamic terrorists justify their evil using religion, West c…
RT Congratulations to the
RT Learn how to host a successful Product Hunt MeetUp.
RT Domain registrars are part of the Internet's technical infrastructure on which we all depend &amp; should remain neutral
RT Today’s the day! You can go to and sign up for health coverage. Need a pep talk first?
Many Evangelicals should wake up and realize what it is they're supporting. If not, they'll instead wake up to a nation they don't want.
This is a pretty interesting turn of events. Absolutely no reason for the Trump Foundation (or _any_) to do this.
those JS frameworks can be horrific
Had a wonderful time at #droidconUK, met some nice people &amp; reconnected with old friends thanks to Glad to be home though.
Does he think it's a contest for who "cooperates" the longest?
RT I believe in Americans and the American dream, but it’s time we wake up.
I have had good success with Aukey USB hubs
I just liked a tweet from - Robert Mueller is a fantastic choice and will get to the bottom of it all.
Return it and get the 2. I want the Pixel 2 so pick me up one as well, mkay?
A lot of help you are... #notsurprised
They were just called your 'Crazy Aunt/Uncle'
It was not nearly as good as my preferred place but it was good in prep for that evening
I just published “ON OPEN SOURCE AND BUILDING COMMUNITIES”
No trip to the UK is complete for me without an #AnAmericaninLondon
RT So much love for the #Android community and all #DroidconUK attendees, speakers &amp; sponsors! Thanks for an amazing conf-see…
He's now official...
Helping an Irishman to his first #Guinness cc: P.S.: he likes it. And as well.
You just fly over
Assembled my first #IoT device with #androidthings at the #droid2gether hackathon
RT kicks off #droidcon2gether
Hey mate. Headed to Droidcon SF Nov 5-6
PSA: Today, was right about something. It was a joyous occasion and one not likely to be replicated anytime soon. #friends
Good time as always guys! Until we meet again
RT That's a wrap from #droidconUK with thanks to the guys at
RT And that's a wrap! Thanks to everyone on the #XDAteam at #droidconUK! Here's to next year!
In fact me as well. It was a total snooze fest. A community of snoozers.
About to talk about #opensource and #community at #DroidconUK
RT An exciting first day at #droidconUK of talks and great #community interaction - check out the Day 1 Recap
Always good to reconnect with old friends
RT A fantastic 1st day @ #DroidconUK comes to an end :( Look forward to seeing our awesome attendees, #Android pros, speakers…
RT Team Honor and XDA are about to hit the town.....
Not this year. Wish
Doing great here! You should drink more coffee.
At the booth at #droidconUK with
RT #DroidconUK #soon
RT Torvalds: Open source projects that are most successful are the ones that are good at finding commonalities. #OSSummit
RT Torvalds: Who cares if something is successful? Issue is if it’s interesting &amp; does what you want. Doesn’t matter 5 or…
RT Hashimoto: Knowledge should be represented in code and used as a source of truth. #OSSummit
This now applies to the same guy who has evidently found the most uncomfortable seats to stretch out in on the plane
That's more like it
Guess who has 2 long legs and a sore neck from previous flight, and an entire airplane row to himself? #LondonCalling
Slight potential your numbers are out of order...
Question for tweeter: What draws you to participate in a software project and its #community? Answers may be used in a talk at #DroidconUK
Ready to leave Chicago and head to #DroidconUK to join the rest of the #XDA contingent! #community #LondonCalling
Seeing it with Saturday night
No Twitter for me tonight while #TWD is back since I am not watching it tonight
RT Confused about Github terminology? Don't worry, Fox News' Github dictionary is here for you!
if you are at #droidconUK next week I will be talking about #opensource and building communities - come say hi!
Just one more time
RT Cub Scout booted for asking lawmaker “Why on earth would you want someone who beats their wife to have access to guns?”…
RT Well that's certainly a different approach...
Happy Birthday and
Yup. Crabtree gets called for one push off, the Chiefs defense gives them 3 more chances, and then he gets away with another
RT Obama: "If you have to win a campaign by dividing people... You won't be able to unite them later."
I prefer myself, with dark mode
What do you like about it more than say ?
You sure you want to know? You might regret that....
There's something about listening to "Better Than Ezra" that gets me in the mood to get work done.
RT Nativetap + == #android app testing nirvana that even minions get excited about
Well that certainly puts a damper on Saturday's lunch - what am I supposed to do with it now?
Hopefully... but in that moment...
You'd be in the running with this guy
Well then I will bring the s'mores and lawn chair
That is certainly within the realm of possibility
Come on... So closed minded
As an added upgrade, the book will come with burn cream and a mini fire extinguisher
Wait... what?
RT Zemlin: We want bigger participation in open source. More organizations should allow their developers to contribute. #…
RT GitHub Project of the Week: useful resources for all developers
RT Thank you &amp; others who amplified story on Tom Marino. America is great b/c we have…
For goodness sake, would the Real Slim Shady please stand up? It's been 17 years now. #bored
Just let me know dude
So they're the past, present, and future.
I think slinkies are the future.
RT How to measure what matters in community
RT To refuse US leadership for half-baked nationalism is as unpatriotic as any dogma consigned to ash heap of history
Congrats! What's your next adventure?
RT Wow, this excerpt from #LibertyMedal speech
Likely you have the plug-in enabled by default or it is installed separate from the browser.
And modern browsers by default don't support it/include it
Admittedly this is far from new... Flash has been a big, heaping pile of horse manure re: security for years
I'm a sucker for a good community!
Who me?
Looks like you are. That's one down, 150 more to go.
Definitely looking forward to my 3rd year at #droidconuk and will be speaking on Open Source and Building Communities!
Yep, in the shoulder. The needle approaching makes you think twice about the decision
RT Ming Chen Announces Kevin Smith Will Be at Kansas City Comic Con: via
RT Please remember Puerto Rico, Mexico City, US Virgin Islands, Florida, Houston, Barbuda, St. Croix &amp; Vegas survivors all still…
How Andy Reid didn't challenge that as a touchdown for the is beyond me... he had possession &amp; both feet down before ball taken
RT Learn how to check project health and track progress of your open source programs w/ this free guide:
Break through the floor board and finish Flinstone-style
Exactly. For an $800+ phone you'd think it would be _at least_ as fast
It's incomprehensible how slow the #S8 fingerprint sensor is compared to much cheaper phones (i.e.
#SNL #ALLHOLIDAYSMATTER
RT Kansas Republicans warn Congress: 'You better learn our lesson.' reports:
How can we know that yet when not everyone has access to it?
Let's go #MUFC!
RT Been testing a bit, it's pretty cool to test apps on real live devices, makes debugging device-specific issues mu…
RT Want to meet with your peers, talk about #Docker and share ideas? Start your own #meetup group! Find out how here:
For all of Matt Damon's good choice in movies to be in, "The Great Wall" had to have been decided on while heavily intoxicated
The #USMNT loss was embarrassing at minimum, and a disgrace at best. Something has to change. Now.
RT How the NFL lost its mind and its nerve on anthem protests:
RT Thanks to with for this introduction to Let's Encrypt.
Has anyone from like or seen this?
RT The BSA expands programs to welcome girls from Cub Scouts to highest rank of Eagle Scout
Yeah, that is crazy. A backwards nation in many ways we are, seemingly growing each day
Honestly it should be felt at all levels of US Soccer
They've been able to participate in some programs, but not formally join Cub/Boy Scouts or earn the Eagle Scout. That finally changes now.
RT Learn how to check project health and track progress of your open source programs w/ this free guide:
It's a new way forward and just unanimously agreed on -
Please learn from the #ksleg - Trump's "tax reform" will not work - it all but bankrupted a state that had good revenue
Works great. Have had one for awhile and use it for games and apps and streaming video on my TV
Happy Birthday to my favourite, grumpy ol' Scot -
See? Less guilt
If you embrace it, less guilt
Its still just a "may"... Though this reads like one of those "see? We did something" that the NFL is soo good at
TAKE MY MONEY!!!!! Star Wars: The Last Jedi Trailer (Official)
RT Check out the brand new poster for Star Wars: #TheLastJedi and watch the trailer tonight.
RT Learn from technologies that drive some of the most important open source security projects on GitHub.
Interesting news and a great step for #Gitlab
Great! Good luck on your new endeavor!
RT See what people are saying about Postman! #PostmanClient #PostmanPro #API #APITesting
I can vouch for - a fantastic consultant to bring on board!
RT We cannot lose focus on Puerto Rico. Millions of American citizens continue living in perilous conditions and distress. 🇵🇷…
RT Need a primer on participating in #opensource communities - great stuff here from &amp;
RT "If you're not being actively inclusive then you're being exclusive," said Swarna Podila at #LFDES:
Great post from on a new way of doing #devrel for companies
RT These FREE guides, created with will teach you how to set up a solid open source program:
MRW I see the moon and remark that it's almost a full moon, and my oldest says "It's a waning gibbous!" He's correct, but just sounds funny.
I think it is still in beta of sorts with only verified accounts... There are hacks to get by it though but they require web client
Certainly - add me to the list
RT Watch how easy it is to test and debug apps with Nativetap #xamarin
Ahh reviewing the beautiful sunset. Amazeballs
This was last year wasn't it?
Yeah they were playing Pokémon Go
Good times.
A fantastic decade of contributing to the mobile community by
RT 1,735 days. 1,516 mass shootings. 1 chart. via
RT It would be wise to refrain from excessive pontification about guns, mental health, et al until we know more about the #La…
RT Sickened and heartbroken for the victims of Las Vegas shooting. #Enough
Thank you to this special group of guys who captured the hearts and minds of a city - #RaisedRoyal #ForeverRoyal
RT “We love you guys.” -
RT An unbreakable bond. #RaisedRoyal
RT Raised beers, raised hats, #RaisedRoyal. Let's toast to the and another season filled with wonderful memories.…
Highly doubt it... Probably just trying to get #opensource goodwill
RT Hate speech is acceptable in Trump’s America – as long as it comes from Christian fundamentalists
RT A jetlagged speaker and a spectacular community leader, Meetup 8/23 Thanks, for organizing it. It was a…
Are you lost? I can call you a Lyft or Uber...
You could start with testing out a few ways
I like this, until we get to "CDD simply guides development you could delete the coffee later + you'd still be getting the benefits of drinking thru the problem" Hard pass. You never delete the coffee. Ever. If there's one thing I've learned, coffee (and the dude) abides.
Today's Image of the Day: Studying the Wind with Weather Balloons -
Speaking only for myself, my Adderall XR 20mg (extended release) occasionally wears off in the late afternoon. My doctor prescribed a 10mg dose for when this happens that I take adhoc if I need the concentration later in the afternoon and evening, but I rarely take it.
Nice and I have some code contributed to the project!
It's of course 1. Ødegaard 2. Bruno 3. De Bruyne
RT we are officially sold out for 2023! please join the waitlist in case of any last minute cancellations:
You’re amazing Farrah, and going to smash it! I can’t wait to hear all about it!
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-7 Lifts Off -
💯👇👇👇👇💯
RT 1. hashicorp locks down terraform license 2. this forces a bunch of companies to get together to fork it into OpenTF 3. it’s o…
RT In the state of Florida a man with a history of racially motivated violence can buy an AR-15 but a 5th grader can’t take…
It's been awhile since I've done this, _kinda_ miss it
If that second pic is any indication, fun times ahead
To top all the below off, the largest Championship Game comeback in NCAA history. #RCJH
#GlazersOutNOW #Glazer
Same.
RT The Jacksonville Dollar General gunman who entered the store with an assault rifle covered in swastikas, was there to kil…
RT Jesus would be disgusted.
Thanks and for these awesome #octocat shirts
I am going to say something I have never said before, and probably never will again... I am cheering for Chelsea to win. There, I said it.
It's about time! #opensource
6 straight wins in all competitions, outscoring opponents 20-2... #manutd
RT Ugh, awful:
RT Speak Russian? US citizen with a college degree? Interest in national security? Your skills are needed here.
Sony for a long time has set the bar in #opensource on Android and they continue this with their collaboration with on #sailfishos - "Sony’s Open Devices amplifies the openness of Sailfish OS" – via
That's a load of crap(pers)!
RT Not toooo long until the 9th #droidconUK kicks off in London! For more info / to grab a ticket check out:
This is exactly how you deal with this, not with a "both sides" rhetoric, but as a leader who says human dignity and respect is what is important. A leader leaves no uncertain thought as to where he stands and what he expects.
It's not enabled for everyone yet but on Google Chrome you can use an extension
Things that are the most forgotten about in 2017: - Things to put on security clearance form - That you met with Russian Ambassador
Excited for you mate! Congrats!
RT Nativetap works natively w/ and…
RT Our Open Source Guides, created w/ endeavor to help you start an open source project at YOUR org!
Scott Bakula has always been amazing, all the way back to Quantum Leap
This is great - but with a massive golden parachute to be sure. Millions will suffer financially while he'll go off to luxury.
So something good CAN come out of Washington! “$200 million a year for computer science” by
RT The people of Puerto Rico are suffering. We must act immediately to address this humanitarian crisis.
Joel was a great guy and always fun to be around. My condolences go out to his family.
A great thread about what the US Flag Code of Conduct actually says... #hypocrisy #freespeechhasnoofficehours
A huge moment for the #opensource community and provides many talking points on how projects/companies license!!
#Docker #Kubernetes workshop by at #Col40Movìl #Col40
A perfect lawn ornament for anyone... And it doubles as a planter. #winning
PSA: Be careful performing a flash mob in crosswalks in Bogota. This flash mob was murdered. #BeSafe
Honored to have been part of #Col40 #Col40Móvil in Bogota with my "Adventures in Open Source and Communities" talk - Thanks !!
I would imagine that it should
My thoughts are they will expand their Pixel direction and have more control over the supply chain. It is a different deal from Moto
RT #SportingKC has defeated #RBNY 2-1 to secure a fourth 🏆 and a fourth 🏆 in six years! #GottaHaveThatCup #WeTogether
It's about time
Fantastic Jose finally started &amp; together - Guaranteed to give defenses fits #manutd
At the #Col40 keynote with the inventor of the #Atari and #Pong -
Ready for the #Col40 conference starting this afternoon
This is a fantastic move by and looks to be well thought out and executed! Join Keybase now!
Let's go - #gottahavethatcup!
Counting the days to Oct 22 Season 8 #TWD
Heading to #Col40 in Bogota, Colombia to speak on #Community and #OpenSource. Excited to be part of the event!
RT Android Oreo 8.0.0_r4 is up on AndroidXRef:
Beggars can't be choosers mate
RT These Black Lives Matter activists were invited on stage at a pro-Trump rally – and every American needs to hear what they…
or perfectly normal in some parts of the world (true story in Nairobi - bus to airport in traffic crossed median to continue on wrong side)
Hey now - I gave yours back to you in Brum
Dark shirt but i left the balaclava at home...
Buying Velcro at Jo-Ann Fabrics and the clerk tells me "Good Luck!" as she hands me the product... Like what does she think I need it for?!?
RT "It's not about the small guy against the big companies; it's about collaboration" said Linus Torvalds at #OSSummit: h…
RT How companies can benefit from #OpenSource via
And we will see how many hipsters are true and how many just Ike tight jeans
RT Scammers are impersonating Equifax calling to verify your account. If you receive a call don’t tell them anything:
The field is starting to populate here at #u2thejoshuatree2017
RT Have users reporting a weird issue with your #android app you can't duplicate? With Nativetap just tap a button, get a devic…
RT [NEWS] The Linux Foundation Releases Open Source Guides for the Enterprise:
RT Bacon: Communities need to up their game in blogging, social media, etc. Need to help members become successful. #OSSu…
Good article on why "Developers Need to Start Paying Attention to Licenses" via #opensource
Absolutely. Too many unis teach antiquated processes and tech as their tenured professors haven't done anything in the real world for awhile
RT Zemlin: We want to create more secure code. We need a collective, secure coding culture. #OSSummit
RT “If You Can’t Measure it, You Can’t Improve it” New project to confirm diversity in communities #chaoss #OSSummit
This can actually, _finally_, be said! #OSSummit
RT #OSSummit North America keynotes start in 10 minutes! Follow or watch the free livestream at
RT Question of the Week: What was the most peculiar device-specific bug you encountered while testing your #android app?
RT LiveBoot updated to v1.60 - Android Oreo support!
RT The Internet as we know it is under attack. Help us Stop SESTA.
The TV commercial advertising for their data protection service (that just started airing the last few days) seems like irony
Very good thread about the healthcare debate we should be having
Always my fear with selfies.
RT Ensure your communications between different people are secure by using GPG to encrypt and sign messages
RT #Opensource use continues to increase in the auto industry. Protect connected cars from #hack attacks:
RT . urges action on climate change #CNNSOTU
The problem with this "Donut Store" coffee may lie solely in it's lack of donuts.
RT Ken Burns Never Knew How Wrong He Was About the Vietnam War
How's that coming along for you?
RT Bill Self: Hall of Famer
#Sharknado up in here
Yeah very disappointing, given the season ended on a cliffhanger of sorts
RT “I will never take this honor for granted and I will be more humbled now than ever occupying an office on Naismith Drive." #B…
Yeah has everything to do with the fact it's not a original show - so they can't monetize it. Might get picked up by another network
Save Dark Matter - #RocktheRaza - and if you hear "Rock the Casbah" when you use that hashtag you're doing it right.
Well, when you close the previously open WH visitor logs, this happens.. or when you are afraid of #RealNews
RT Everyone on the 2017 influencers list makes significant #opensource community contributions:
But you responded. Thank you.
That moment when you go to Twitter Analytics and get a stark view on reality - personally I think it's a generous assessment...
Watch play Bullet the Blue Sky last night on Jimmy Fallon with some new, appropriate lyrics-
RT POLL: Which of these newest devices would you like us to add to our Device Farm?
It would be a sad day for the world.
Thank you to a local school district ( who has the courage to take a stand for what is morally right.
Absolutely true - but Evangelical America doesn't want to hear it, likely driven by fear - which is absurd if they really believe the Bible
RT Last day of #droidconDE - make sure to stop by our booth, say hi to our team, and get your code for a FREE testing device fo…
RT Nina's #droidconDE talk is at 1730 in Lamarr on "Don't Let the Dream of Automation Turn Into Your Biggest Nightmare"
RT Once you understand the value of healthy #opensource communities, you can set a strategy to build it
RT Join the Community of Remote Workers 🙆‍♀️ 🙌
RT Check out the talk our CEO is giving on the Dream of Mobile App Testing Automation next week at #droi…
RT Stop by our booth at #droidconDE today &amp; tomorrow for a code to #test w/ any of our devices free for 1 month, and a deliciou…
Such deal making. Much winning. So tired of winning now.
RT Great read: How #opensource #analytics can boost your #cybersecurity arsenal via Fedscoop
RT Up your server admin game with this easy fix - learn to change the Nginx root to a new location. Learn more:
Thanks - will look into it
I'm looking for new opportunities! ✓ 8+ yrs in #DevRel &amp; Community Mgmt ✓ Project/Product Management ✓ Nerd Herder ✓ #KansasCity/#remote
#DevRel and Community Management are my passions for this very reason. Always an opportunity to learn and grow with the community
And even further.. he used to use an SGS3 which is terribly insecure these days. However I seem to recall a story that he had a new phone
A disabled browser isn't going to show up as disabled in any way to the casual observer unless they dig into the Apps section of Settings
Yeah they likely aren't going to know the difference, or know to ask the deeper question
No likely someone (wisely) disabled it with Android's​ Disable App feature.
Why does someone need a "Why"? I mean seeing a naked man falling while playing a violin doesn't need any explanation
RT We've joined to support open source development 🚀
RT First step in building healthy open source communities: understand the business value says
RT . announces 18 new Silver members have joined the foundation to support open source development:
RT Far too many people auto-DM or auto-tweet new followers. Here is why this is a bad idea:
Could not agree more. Community is essential for a company, project, group, etc.
RT My interview with about building communities, gamification, building engagement and more:
Having met earlier this year, this is a fantastic choice by #redhat -
Coincidences are pointers to reality. Or something like that.
That's always been the issue for you...
Too bad you don't have ... 1gb up/down
How did I not know there was a Harry Bosch TV show? Watching Season 1 of now
According to a recent study, "bad" language is a sign of intelligence....
A quality station tonight... #AFIRadio
Much more able to play quality games on #Linux now more than ever
What I want to know is what about "browsing, engaging, etc" makes you think of the perfect bathroom app
It even comes with its own toilet paper roll
About bloody time someone recognizes true intelligence
RT Curious to learn more about the philosophical choices between Github Pages and according to
RT We're heading to #droidconDE next week!
RT Honor 9 kernel source has been released
Best news story ever. Excuse me while I go get a brain freeze
Just deployed my personal site via in just a few minutes from - for FREE - and it's on a CDN as well! #geekjoy
RT Additional phone numbers for people who are in danger and need rescued. Call 911 or #USCG 281-464-4851, 4852, 4853, 4854…
Oh I do agree. Especially given the growth in streaming
One challenge would be different bandwidths, and the need to consistently catch up the slower connection. Not impossible, but tough UX
RT If you're in Houston area, need rescue from high water, but can't get through to 911, call Coast Guard Command Center @ 281-464-48…
Rewatching "The Empty Child" and "The Doctor Dances" with the kids... Two really good episodes. #doctorwho
Did you get it from AliExpress? How good is the quality? Does it maneuver like a skateboard or is the Bluetooth controller how?
RT Folks, is going to be tapped hard from this storm. Join us in supporting them. #Harvey2017
Hehe #TWSS
RT Open source contribution can resemble a coding game...
Great work by the team in pushing their #iOS lice location sharing app to #opensource
RT Want to contribute to #nodejs, but don't know where to start? We have a handy guide for ya'! Check it out here:
My email skills are on point today! #nerdhumor #geek #bored
Geez wish I was in Leadville right now
RT Join the Community of Remote Workers
That should keep all your hands and feet busy!
Just finished on - another series knocked out of the park by
Seems those fake Technical Support phone call operators don't like being messed with when they call you
Yeah with the amount of idiocy out there these days it's much better to question
This has got to be satire, a joke, right?
RT "At issue is Falwell’s complete and total abandonment of godly principle, in favor of bowing to Lord Trump."
RT Java EE moving to an open source foundation
RT How does our Open Developer Platform support project development? Check out on the blog!
It's the residue that holds me back.
Gorilla Snot hair gel -
PSA: a flashing red stop light is just like a stop sign, the same rules apply. Hasn't changed since you last took your driving test. Thanks.
This is abhorrent that we face this today.
The intro credits sequence for #GotGv2 has got to be one of the best of all time
RT GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! DIEGO RUBIO HAMMERS THE CORNER HOME TO PUT SPORTING KC AHEAD 1-0!!! #SKCvFCD
Have a nice bottle of #Bobs47 from in my pint glass (h/t )
RT 2017 has been confusing, so I created an updated table for measuring units of time.
RT #nginxconf 2017: Speakers and Sessions Are Ready!
RT Free, open source alternatives to Slack for team chat
RT We are stronger individually and collectively when our culture honors the equality and liberty of all.
I hope it was a bigly plate of brownies.
#fakenews #alternativefacts
"If witches and butts were clusters of nuts we'd all have a bowl of granola." -
RT A collection of cryptocurrency tools, exchanges, and news 📈🚀
RT Help the community create the next #TheOpenOrg book for open-minded change agents by Aug 25:
Is it the same as Vampires? If so simple garlic might work, but might know better
Lukaku opens the scoring for Man United - excellent pace and setup from Rashford #Manutd
"You shouldn't have killed my mom and squished my Walkman!" #GreatMovieQuotes #GotGv2
RT "...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela
RT "People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
RT "No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..."
RT Heartbreaking scenes in #Charlottesville. Violence and racism have no place in America.
RT We condemn the voices of white supremacy heard in Charlottesville today, and all violence. Our hearts are with those killed and i…
Touching tribute - try to ignore the audience - #RIPChester "*NEW* Aaron Lewis Crawling Tribute 4 Chester"
Well technically, given the generational gap, it could really be
Hey there - Happy #NationalMiddleChildDay (cc: )
RT
I think we need this album right now - "How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb" by
Well at least you have standards...........
Liverpool? Really? SAD!
That just might qualify.
Depends - where are you watching it?
It would seem to have been said I jest, but is not what should have been said. He can't say anything negative towards Putin/Russia.
They won't though. He brings too much publicity.
Some good info.. there have been reports of skimmers in our area recently
RT #TheOpenOrg community presents a new framework to help your org become more transparent + inclusive:
RT Ways to respond to complete disaster: Well that's no good Oh dear It's hardly ideal Bugger Not to worry It's fine Could…
RT HAS ADVANCED TO THE #USOPENCUP FINAL IN OUTSTANDING FASHION BY OVERCOMING SAN JOSE IN PENALTY KICKS! #SKCvSJ
RT When it comes to inexplicable errors on #Android devices, Nativetap can help you #debug remotely - (…
RT John McCain, as hawkish as they come, displeased by Trump warning N Korea of "fire and fury"
Interesting line of reasoning and highly plausible
RT Do reckless comments of scare you? Support HR 669 by &amp; me. Requires approval of Congress for nucle…
RT While all this is going on, a friendly reminder that Trump has yet to nominate an ambassador to South Korea.
Call a spade a spade...
Props to Fellaini for embracing the hilarity
Because to them white terrorism is just violence - whites can't commit acts of terrorism
RT Integrate Nativetap and for Android Debugging Heaven - #android #debugging
RT A mass shooting just occurred in Jacksonville. Delete your account.
RT Wife: “Wow, Bob Barker is dead at 99. He almost made it.” Me: “Nah, he got as close as he could without going over.”
Yeah Rashford is so much better and comfortable, and United as a result, when he plays as AML.
Wan-Bissaka got blinded in the sun on the header, which setup the counter. Onana was ready until Rashford got his foot in &amp; Awoniyi took the touch to shoot, w/ Onana subsequently off balance and lands on the only hand that could have blocked the shot. Unlucky.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Sees a Sparkling Neighbor Galaxy -
Yeah, must be nice
Oh absolutely he did
Who's gonna make this on E*sy? #InmateP01135809
No lies.
Belonging
Purpose
Shitposting
So #InmateP01135809 has a glorious mugshot, but there's no way in hell he's 215lbs. I'm 6'2" and 225, and there's no way I'm 10lbs more than him. Why do they keep covering for his blubberous ass?
Today's Image of the Day: Testing the First U.S. Crewed Launch Vehicle, Mercury-Redstone -
Today's Image of the Day: Psyche Comes Together -
RT No lies spotted.
RT Good-Bye Kris Nóva: via &amp; The #Kubernetes and #opensource world is far the poorer f…
I highly recommend this new hammock from - use code BOGOHAMK with special offer/promotion -
RT I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned. —Prof. Richard Feynman
gotta have down time
RT Stay focused on what matters - #development - and let #Nativetap handle the debugging! (via
RT The Voting Rights Act was signed 52 years ago today – but now the right to vote is again under attack
#Sharknado
RT You now have the ability to encrypt the entire communication between your PC or mobile device and the VPN provider
RT At least Matt went out a hero 😭 ❤️ #Sharknado5
This is fantastic for #netneutrality
RT (THREAD) Trump's "Real News" show—Trump TV—is state-sponsored propaganda like what Kim uses in North Korea. It's vile. RE…
It's a tough call, given it depends on what your goals are. Things like and can help bridge the gap between analytics
RT I'm not saying listening to rap makes you a criminal, but 100% of the people who bought the last Wu-Tang album are now facin…
Use and and you'll be much safer
Solid discount for a solid phone
RT Find that hidden error causing the distractions from deploying your #Android app with #Nativetap ( […
RT Symphony Software Foundation Sets Out to Build a New #Fintech Innovation Model
#FreeOompaLoompas . That is all.
RT Our commanders-in-chief, not our commanders in the field, are responsible for the failure in #Afghanistan
RT Our relationship w/ Russia is at dangerous low. You can thank Putin for attacking our democracy, invading neighbors &amp; th…
HOT ROD is a fantastic gem of a movie!
RT "A crucial new site tracks attacks on the press in the US" Follow for more.
RT Postman 5.0 gives developers "small project" quantities of some pro features for free! Get the storyg:
RT See wonderful, historic London... through the eyes of #Sharknado5! Many people have said it's the best tour ever.
Heh you said "no perfect", I said "no easy"... And we're good. 😎
I love you mate and as such am not going to debate views on immigration here on tweetpage. There isn't an easy answer would be my 1 rebuttal
That being said, the stupid did multiply in an ongoing capacity
Yeah I obviously don't see it that way, given (to me) that this bill _is_ exclusive and not inclusive like our historical immigration
Absolutely.
And then the full crazy came out on both sides
That's what was so bizarre about the FULL exchange yesterday. Acosta asked the hard questions about what this bill really is &amp; got crazy
RT Coolidge thread --&gt;
Honestly this plan sure looks like a step in the right direction. Makes you wonder who ordered Scaramucci fired....
This is going to be good!
RT Journalism advocates join together to track press attacks in the US
Paragraph 8 ftw
RT Every paragraph in this document EXCEPT ONE was written by an adult. The other was written by a child. Can you find the "…
RT This group of current WH interns pretty much sums up the urgency of ending discrimination against white achievers.
RT Thank God the Trump administration will now fight for rich white kids to finally get their fair shot at Harvard
RT Today, in partnership with we announce the first project tracking press freedom violations in the US.
Stop using "changing the narrative" regarding what this Administration is doing on #TrumpRussia. Call it what it is - "lying" &amp; "cover up"
If you're looking for an #opensource conversational AI, check out
The President called me today to compliment me on what I have done for technology in the 21st century.
Hes got bigly dreams - the best! "Boy Scouts 'unaware' of call Donald Trump said he received from organization"
RT #APM - does it mean #app performance management or app performance monitoring? Read on to find out:
RT #TheOpenOrg community presents a new framework to help your org become more transparent + inclusive:
. would be a fantastic addition to any company, and I wholeheartedly endorse her!
Same here! Best of luck!
RT Getting faster and easier to build with From Paris to Nairobi to Chennai.
RT Build live location features in a day
He has all the best words.
RT Have an app you need to test but you don't have the device? #Nativetap lets you test it remotely using our app -
Somehow I don't see DJT saying anything about this...
RT #MUFC is delighted to announce the signing of Nemanja Matic from Chelsea on a three-year contract. #Mat…
RT Independent Android developer conferences take place at IFA2017
RT Portland Police Bureau officers are expected to treat everyone with dignity &amp; respect, even when they are a suspect. ht…
RT I'm a cop. I do not agree with or condone remarks today on police brutality. Those that applauded and cheered…
RT Statement of President, Chief Jim Bueermann (Ret.), on POTUS remarks to law enforcement, July 28, 2017
Hmm - only 2 cups of #coffee for me so far today... need to up my game.
RT #Nativetap takes the nails out of testing - "Testing: Hammering Nails (
RT Avoid insanity brought on by your #Android app #testing errors with #Nativetap - (Reddit:
RT Survey: Challenges around mobile app strategy stifle innovation for business leaders
Considering he has taken the autocrat route and says "My Generals", and since he doesn't like those who aren't loyal to him, could be anyone
RT Gowdy on Fox on AG Sessions: He doesn't work for the President, he works for a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales.
Would be interesting to see this overlaid with oil and fracking operations during the same timeframe
RT Zach Braff revealed where he thinks J.D. from "Scrubs" is today and it's hilarious
Good! Let's hope they listen to people who understand technology from this century and how #NetNeutrality is essential to the future
Ahh - so good to know he has the best words! The 29 most cringe-worthy lines from Trump's hyper-political BSA speech
Is it Oct 22 yet? "The Walking Dead Season 8" looks oh so good! #twd
Fantastic! "Ready Player One" is coming to the big screen! (H/t
Sure, but the Democrats are in the same boat - they know fighting against Trump gives them $ for 2018 so they don't really #RESIST
Donald Trump's political jamboree
Good thread on why what Trump did at the BSA Jamboree is deplorable
This whole speech to the BSA - wow. Just wow. Sad!
He has only ever donated $7 to the BSA... and this speech is a yet another travesty to add to his long list
Time lapse, sky moves. Likely not out of focus - though difficult to choose a spot to focus when you have to put the phone face down
15s on one, 30s on the other; and it was 1600 and 3200 on the ISO
Love the night sky in the mountains far away from the city #takenonmyphone #oneplus3
RT Sen. Chuck Schumer says Democrats lost in 2014 and 2016 because “people didn’t know what we stood for"
RT KNOW YOUR RIGHTS: What to do if ICE agents show up at your door. Share these widely. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
ERMAHGERD! live in a few minutes! Catch the webinar about the Open Community Conference at the below link!
RT Just introduced Constitutional Amendment to overturn Citizens United. We must stop vast sums of anonymous money that thr…
Great summation - "Does Trump Have a Case Against Mueller?"
Yes?
That's how I always think of
It's ok because net neutrality isn't needed, according to and the WH and the carriers, etc
RT We've officially surpassed 1 million users! :rocket-emoji: Here's how we all got here together: h…
Actually - that means we may not see as Spicey again #RIPSpicey
#RIPSpicey
So the Administration pushing actual #FakeNews... Who knew?
this is also from Jan 24 - a lot has happened since then
This is actual #FakeNews and an example of either shoddy reporting, or click-bait.
Glory, glory Man United! #MUFC #Manchesterderby #MUTOUR
RT TV ALERT: Watch Muse on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert tonight at 11:35p/10:35c #LSSC #DigDown
Watch "One More Light &amp; Crawling - Linkin Park - IDays 2017 Monza" on YouTube - Just one month ago #RIPChester
#RIPChester
Watch "Linkin Park ft Chris Cornell - Crawling/HHH" on YouTube -
RT #Android app #testing with Nativetap is secure
Anyone know what the Russian word for "adoptions" is?
#RealAmericanHero
RT If you're asked to speak at a conference, the organizers *must* cover *at least* your travel, accommodation &amp; transportat…
Microsoft is setting up what looks to be an interesting community portal - signup for early access
So desperate looking... But what's he doing with his fist at the end of this? 🤔
And the damage has been done around the world. Sad!
Yep
Hope so. The level of insanity happening right now in Congress and WH is beyond believable
Yeah, that's what I was wondering recently.
Hmm... Who's design?
Yeah a bit odd.. he's disappeared from the news cycle
This has got to be a cool case of #testception
#MUFC Juan Mata and Ander Herrera show off old school handshake celebration via
RT 'Doctor' has no gender in English.
I'm sorry... Did you say something? Come closer
RT Dunkirk - Reminding Us That Heroes Don't Always Wear Capes.
Of course they did - it benefits their cronies but hurts the public
#DadGoals
Pretty good breakdown of using TAILS to protect your privacy while online
Gotta have priorities... Document their life choices so you can have something to point back to in the future.
Condition of me going with my daughter to get her ears pierced was that I be able to record the event.
If only there were a word for that... I am thinking we should call it #bipartisanship - with a slogan of "country before party"
#FakeNews
Absolutely. Being self employed has seen us have to pay for it all ourselves as well.
I hear you. Because of the crooks in Congress &amp; Healthcare companies we aren't getting what we used to have back. Ever. No incentive to. ☹️
And yet polls showed people didn't know #Obamacare was #ACA... The GOP used "hate" for Obamacare to push the repeal idea...
MRW showing Robin Hood: Men in Tights to our kids for the first time
RT The 12 Health Benefits of Drinking #Coffee You Should Know
Having a #Stoutmoji would be the only emoji I would ever use #WorldEmojiDay
Sure - not the issue. Issue is knowingly meeting w/ a rep of a foreign govt to get campaign assistance. That is illegal. #TrumpRussia
2017/18 goals...
RT I'm a fan for life and certainly not going to abandon a show I love because of a female lead, no real Whovian would. #…
RT Supposed ‘Game Of Thrones’ Buff Hasn’t Even Finished Books Yet
Yeah I never liked her, but I haven't been a Fox News follower for a long time, much less a fan of the GOP
It took you that long to block her?
I am disappointed in you. One of the greatest Sci-Fi shows (and longest running) of all time
Happy (late) 1.5 billionth second Unix Epoch! Now the countdown begins to 03:14:07 UTC 19-Jan-2038 when time ends.
#LSSC #funwithwords
RT Postman 5.0 gives developers limited use of some pro features for free! Get the story on our blog:
RT Test #Android Apps Without Device Fragmentation Getting in the Way
There is a deficit of personal responsibility with this family, heck with society as a whole, but definitely this family and Administration
RT Free learning resources and tools for security savvy developers
In S2E1 - the opening scene with Cassidy discussing where all those foreskins go after circumcision has me laughing so hard
I imagine they both get along smashingly - like brothers from different mums
I happen to think he is. You should meet him for bowling and singing Oasis songs until the club kicks you out the next time he's in the UK.
Absolutely true. Which is a shame. My friend will be disappointed.
Ahh good point. All of these my friend will certainly be interested to know about. Options, you know.
Those are certainly clear as well, but the others are clear as in "you can see through them"
So when told to increase your "clear liquid" intake, whisky, vodka and beer fall into that category, right? Asking for a friend.
RT Let Nativetap ease your #Android app #testing and #debugging pain with our remote devices in the palm of your hand
I have recently had TSA PreCheck there, and while there isn't food past security, security is the fastest of any airport
RT The rise of independent coffee shops.
Not the airport the businesses and lobbyists want to build... KC is the easiest airport to fly in/out of now. Their design would kill that
This is not normal.
Hahaha that's awesome.
I must have missed this... What happened?
Hope is a beautiful thing
RT Holy smoke: Joe’s Kansas City named America’s ‘best BBQ restaurant’
Very true... The mosh pit at the Social D concert at the Fillmore in March restored my faith in this generation
Defend #NetNeutrality
RT "The internet is a powerful tool for entrepreneurs and creators. We need to keep it open." —Mozilla's on #NetNeut…
RT I wish that just once my dad would have told me I was a high quality person and applauded my transparency
Absolutely correct Mr. Rather. The problem now is that we have drifted so far that facts no longer matter. Truth is no longer a priority
RT Content is key to driving community growth, often on a blog. Here's my guide to optimizing it for SEO/engagement:
But does the witch float?
RT You are never too important to be nice to people.
RT They're hee-eere! Read Developer Survey 2017 results → Join #stacksurvey17 chat - 1pm ET →
Regardless of your side of the aisle on this issue - both parties are guilty of this crap
RT Second half is under way! Let's do this, SKC Nation! #USOC2017 WATCH ➡️
RT The best cryptocurrency resources, all in one place ✨
RT Weigh in on Stack Overflow's upcoming channel feature. We're developing this in the open with your participation!
RT Getting an end-to-end perspective with continuous integration and delivery
RT Test your Android Application with Nativetap #testing #debug #lgg6 cc:
1 and 2 much more likely at this point given Mueller's charter. Would have to open a new investigation for 3-5
This is the definition of collusion at best, and treason at worst. Went into it knowing full well it was RU government offering support
I'm curious about collusion - is that the same thing?
So they went to the writers &amp; said "Let's add a female Skynet to the mix!" Now it is a bit over-Scifi'ed I think. But still watching.. (2/2)
Almost finished with S3 of #The100 and I can't help thinking that somewhere in S2 someone thought it was getting a bit stale.... (1/2)
Look to be 2 good roles in #DevRel with - if I had the engineering focus I would be all about one of these
Fantastic way for developers to test and debug their apps on the latest devices - without spending a fortune. #nativetap #debug #android
Not a bad cold brew #coffee from
I have seen a lot of OEMs in that region mess with how Android naturally handles notifications and memory because they make crappy software
It's more an EMUI thing I have seen over the past year
RT #DevOps, culture hacking, and failing fast are just a few of most-read stories: ht…
Yeah have had to do that as well with mine. Worked great afterwards
RT How to defend your company from open source security threats and compliance risks:
I do know on EMUI there are issues like this related to them aggressively killing apps when screen off
RT Getting Started with Nativetap
RT A little weekend reading for the #opensource / #FOSS community: "Permissive &amp; Copyleft Are Not Antonyms" by htt…
you can install XBMC on those I believe - at least the 2nd gen
RT Comma.ai is taking the next step to make its software universally compatible and allow any car to drive itself.
RT DON'T CONNECT YOUR NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS TO THE INTERNET
Saying they should be taking the high road and pushing for bipartisanship. Instead they're just doing the same as GOP
I absolutely agree. But Obamacare does have its challenges and could be improved. Premiums have gone up higher than many are able to pay
that's an excuse for the Democrats - they could offer an alternative or ways to fix Obamacare. But instead they are ignoring bipartisanship
Wondering if / have seen this?
Yep! It would be great to see the Democrats come up with an actual alternative on fixing #Obamacare instead of just being against #TrumpCare
Fantastic video and a great book
Thank you Oscar
Who knew all it would take to release THE KRAKEN was $100k?!? 😂🤣
Thank you Kim
They have a good set of advocates remaining, and I believe they'll do great!
So proud of what my team accomplished at CircleCI in the 3 1/2 years I was there building out our DevRel org and how they all executed. I really wish I could have stuck around to see the longer vision play out, but I know they're going to do amazing work.
Proving the value of your #devrel / #community team/org is necessary in staving off the 2 worst questions: 1. "What would you say you do here?" 2. "What is the ROI of that?" But sadly it doesn't mean your role as leader of team/org is layoff-proof. 😢💔 Really gutted right now.
Today's Image of the Day: A Gateway to the Moon -
Looking forward to #CascadiaJS 2024!!
RT Who makes the decisions about what tech stack to use on your team at work?
Son has football practice (530a)..........
Oh are you going to jail? That's the only lockdown that makes sense for your ridiculous ass.
RT There’s a couple breaking up so loudly on the sidewalk in front of my house! He said WHO ARE YOU GONNA TAKE TO YOUR SI…
Can't you paranormally be in both places?
RT Do I know any developers who have experience building JS libraries/frameworks who are interested in a freelance project? Bonus…
RT 🎤 Panel: Developer Experience and Productivity Speakers: 🔸 🔸Andrew Fenner,
I mean, where are the guardrails? You blame has substance.
Rizèl always does an amazing job capturing her thoughts and perspective around Dev Advocacy! Highly recommend you have a read.
RT From Paris: Seattle+PNW friends &amp; fam of Kris Nóva: we are hosting a casual gathering in memory Aug21. There will be a…
RT On Oct 3, 2017 Kris Nova said one of the kindest things to me when I was having an extremely bad day. I will never forget it. E…
#VoteMoose
/me waves
Excuse me - why are you sending me this? Also, GOP is Trump HQ? And replies go to Trump HQ donation account? Really? #RealNews
RT . is now offering this new feature accelerate the Web’s progress towards 100% HTTPS! Exciting Stuff. #secu…
RT #VoteMoose
Check out and test/debug Android apps on remote devices
What they say in public about it vs. what actually happens will certainly be 2 different things
Potentially.. it might have been after I left
RT Oracle Debuts Three New Open-Source Container Tools
RT . just published an interview with me on community, strategy, making mistakes, metrics and more:
Thanks for your help! Got it sorted
RT . webinar offers guidelines for shaping your new #opensource project:
RT #VoteMoose
This works wonderfully
Ah yes. Fun summer times
RT The Linux Foundation's new open-source project designed to bring automated protection to software-defined networks
. view from Mt. Elbert, Leadville, Colorado - highest peak in the Rocky Mountains #AmericanGreatness
. Devil's Causeway, Yampa, Colorado #AmericanGreatness
Yep. Good bit of info. It's all piling up, assuming Mueller is able to finish
Need to find that.
Absolutely. Pandering to his mental health issues and his need to be a toddler just allows for GOP to pass what they want in the shadows
I agree it is a pattern, but I fear we are now normalizing
RT If you care about the right to vote, here are six things you need to know about Kris Kobach.
RT CopperheadOS now enables PERMISSIONS_REVIEW_REQUIRED, enforcing user review of dangerous permissions pre-launch for apps…
That's fine for the general public. But for an American President, the public face of America both here and abroad, it's unacceptable.
What's almost as bad is someone had to have made this for him.
Pineapples are optional when taking said phone calls.
Underwater.
In all fairness, he is now using a new, big, descriptive word (of course in CAPS) so that shows progress, right?
Let's also remember that this twit said he had evidence and would be revealing it soon... Which was months ago
Sad that we're at this point with REAL #FakeNews that something this ridiculous needed debunking.. these fringe people believing this crap
The American people ask you the same question Mr. President. What are you trying to hide on Taxes, Russia, etc?
That's right... I do recall all upset about Obama's tan suit... He was 1000x more dignified than Trump on a bad day #hypocrisy
It is disappointing that / don't offer a free trial for satellite radio in a used car, but do for internet radio
Good for them! Especially given Kobach is also running for Kansas Governor... How is that not a huge conflict of interest?
That would be collusion... Wait...
Yup. Good ol' Kobach....
Just an absolutely terrible idea.
RT A powerful lesson for organizations can be found smack dab in the middle of a crisis.
Better than an eggplant
RT Our #opensource Community grows stronger every day! See my "State of the Union" from an energizing Members Meeting
Happy Birthday to the #OpenSource #GPLv3 license!
I am certain we will be announcing sanctions against Russia for attacks against U.S. democracy.... #trynottolaugh
This is such a terrible idea
So the Social Media Director for the Trump Administration is following his boss's lead and being a bully. #seemslegit
RT #nodejs 8.1.3 is now available. Highlights are fixes for some stream regressions
RT This reminds me: how is campaign against cyber-bullying going?
RT We've now issued more than 100,000,000 certificates!
RT Open-Plan Offices Kill Productivity, According to Science
RT A new open-source project wants to help developers start building applications in Python
with that many OTAs that quickly after release it shows there was a major breakdown in QA, but shows quick response too
RT Kansas City has a number of meetups that focus on startups and tech, see them all here:
If I hadn't been backpacking 27 miles in Colorado I would have been there with you lot
I did notice on some build from Sony the default camera setting was a lower MP than should have been... You ever check that?
I would say that is both a good thing, and a bad thing.
RT This 2010 Photoshop tutorial, showing how to fake a Time cover, includes a sample barcode. Same code on Trump's fake
Honestly not been my experience on the Sony's I have had over the years. Professional photogs have even commented about how good they are
Glad stood up against the travesty that is #Trumpcare
Dang it... I missed the fun!
Received my kickstarter supporter pack today - so excited to play! The shipping slip is a nice touch as well
Probably... You're expensive to be around
Was slated to get to the release but timing just didn't work out.
The #Honor9 looks fantastic!
#opensource is at the bleeding edge of innovation, and is leading the way in #fintech
You are close to being more of a geek than I am
Lost Creek Wilderness, CO
Just did a 27 mile hiking trip over 3 days... And would love to go camping again #soon
Great camping recipe!
How's this for an answer? #HappyMonday
RT The Distributed Team's Guide to Slack
RT Incredible night as raises a record breaking $1.7 million for
Fantastic idea. One problem. You said "hike barefoot"
MRW you pack for a backpacking trip in the mountains... Plan heavily, check multiple times, and proceed to forget hiking shoes
Yes he is, and given almost every statement he's made the last few years being laced with falsehood, they're likely nose-to-nose
Fair enough.
I know right? I honestly would be hard pressed to find positives from most of the politicians
Absolutely. But you're saying that one person did it more than anyone else... That's a tall statement. Mine was that at this point all equal
No I see his willful deceit. Clearly. I used "corner on the market" as you said Harry Reid lied more than anyone and with total abandon.
And? Politicians have been doing that for years. Harry Reid didn't have the corner of the market at all.
Honestly I think that's going to be subjective. Requires knowing the intimate thoughts and motivations with empirical evidence
I think at this point they are all neck and neck
RT Just because something is vegan doesn’t mean it’s healthy. For example, most car parts are vegan.
And then his nose grew 3 sizes
RT "Now You Can Run #Linux On #Windows10 Without Enabling Developer Mode" via
Certainly. However some companies try to fake them in order to get numbers which say X device is better than Y. It's deceptive marketing.
I know right?
Yep. I feel benchmarks have a place for some developers (os, kernel, etc) as they need to make sure things aren't degrading, but not users
Oh I do agree, but it also feeds into their deceptive marketing (again)
Just when you thought it was safe to say you believed a company had turned a corner for the better - this happens. Oh
How dare you come to such a conclusion
I support because digital rights are human rights and now more than ever we need to be ever vigilant -
RT To keep and retain customers in today's digital world, a phenomenal experience is the starting point
This is a fantastic move for the Southern Baptist Convention... But it's their group that endorsed the alt-right flunkies in 2016 election
Noobs
Absolutely. The fact that they had to put out an article of why you should secure your API is SAD!
This shouldn't be a question when you setup your API
A great role at for anyone looking to continue their Product and Design career
RT Southern Baptists publicly condemned the alt-right. Here's why that matters
You don't have to outrun the bear, you just have to outrun the idiot on his phone
RT How to build a community of engaged users with minimum resources #startup
RT Honored to be included in this list of orgs whose work has had a significant impact on what others build:
Lol you're missing the point. But thanks for your reply
And it's back again....
Genuinely impressed by what has accomplished and the steps they have taken as a company.
Yeah... Pretty pathetic.
Well done - third time in a few days
RT Microsoft joins the Cloud Foundry Foundation
I finally join Facebook in order to manage some company pages for community consulting I am doing and Facebook keeps disabling my account
Is he from Cuba?
RT End the week with some light reading and brush up on your DNS best practices.
RT Full statement on the President's #Cuba policy:
RT Happy to announce the release of Black Duck CoPilot, helping #opensource project teams #…
RT Happy to announce the release of Black Duck CoPilot, helping #opensource project teams
This is an example of regulation benefiting the consumer. Good job EU
RT A Voracious Appetite for Open Source Software Worldwide
A fantastic addition to the #mufc back line - #HejVictor
/me hugs
RT Swipe. Tap. Squish. Fix mobile bugs. Fast. Replace bug reports with TapCasts by #NativeTap. See more at
PSA to all companies out there w/ a mailing list - when I unsubscribe, I don't want another email telling me I unsubscribed from your #spam
My thoughts on HyperTrack on
RT WordPress is closing its gorgeous San Francisco office because its employees never show up 🌴 #remote #digitalnomad
Thus is truly a sad moment for a dad. Don't let this happen to you this Father's Day
Now this is a helpful #Linux tool
Very true.. but is it worth it? Sometimes being kept in the dark is a blessing. But these paywalls for news is pathetic
Now that is definitely interesting. I have never seen that as a feature for my Amazon Prime. Will have to check into it
RT In race to bring #blockchain to financial markets, developers embrace #opensource via
To all my Android Developer friends... This is a great opportunity
"Democracy dies in darkness" is correct - but due to your paywall I can't read what you're writing... I am kept in the dark
Wondering if we can do a trade? Them for a state (or persons) to be named later?
RT This is what happens when you are so careless with a device with access to sensitive govt information a 3 year old can…
Did they give it to you?
Go green guy, go green guy!
Great show of illusions and comedy at with #kansascity #FunnyPeople
Ready to watch entertain us with #improv at
Pants for me
RT We are so sad to hear about the passing of Adam West. He was our first #Batman and defined the role for so many others. RIP.…
The technology in use by converts to amazing #location tracking and impressive resource usage
"He's hanging in the bat cave, chillin' like a villain"
Absolutely. Leave it to
Daughter: 'there's a spider" (grabs shoe, smacks it) Oldest son: "if it drops I'm out of here" Me: (grabs tweeter app to document)
Lol. Spoken like a true Dev. Documentation sucks. I hate writing it, but hate not having when I need it
Yeah - that's looking amazing.
Good point
Much less that this "leak" was of things that Trump already spoke about publicly, therefore waiving any privilege
And it's hosted on !!!! #opensource
I would have to agree here - documentation is often one of the most glaring misses with #opensource projects - developers hate to document
Do you really think "under oath" will matter?
RT Mitch McConnell just invoked a rule to allow the ACHA to bypass normal committee hearings and debate. The GOP doesn't want…
And? How is this news?
And no one else will die from the driver losing control. Would the self-driving car then be classified as a hearse?
RT "how you can promote empathy in #opensource communities"
From personal experience these work exceptionally well.
This. So this. It matters. No foreign entity should be allowed to influence our Democracy.
As a Chair of the Armed Services Committee he gets a seat. His counterpart from the Democratic party was there as well
Fantastic news... And hopefully will drive more #opensource #community contributions #gitlab
Because "what the world needs now.. is another​ Slack emoji... Like I need a hole in my head."
RT New per-slide image sizing and scaling support sample presentation get the wo…
absolutely - Congratulations #goldenbuzzer
Something wrong with you if you don't get a little emotional here - "Singer shocks judges, gets 'golden buzzer'"
This is fantastic for #remotework #digitalnomads
That's beautiful!
Unless they learned math from DeVos
Spring is in the air...
RT Broke out my summer bod and realized it's got a bunch of wrinkles in it.
RT "The Past, Present and Future of the #GPL in #OpenSource Software" via
RT “Open source drives standards.” #opensource
RT How are you adapting to #security challenges introduced by #opensource? #wannacry
RT 27 chapters. 200 pages. Don't miss the community's Guide to IT Culture Change: #TheO…
RT A key component in building internal and external communities is asynchronous workflow. Here is my starter guide:
RT This thread. Journalists fucked up their opsec, source got busted.
Local #KansasCity company on - " APM+: Performance(APM). Metrics. Error. Logs. One platform"
RT Trending on SD Times: The 2017 Open Source Survey
A fantastic tutorial from - the biggest challenge though is making this doable/accessible for the general public #privacy #pgp
RT 73 years ago today, thousands of U.S. troops stormed the beaches of Normandy. We are forever grateful for the courage show…
This is an important piece and something that I am sure was not missed by DJT. "Withdrawing" the US just is a publicity stunt for his base
RT Don’t let #NetNeutrality slip to the backburner: Tell the FCC that we must keep the internet free and open.
Disappointed I am.
One of my favourite #DoctorWho episodes of all time. Never ceases to prompt a deep emotional response.
You mean the one you signed? Both were struck down as unconstitutional, so there's that. But you signed them both. Did you not read them?
Companies who allow #remotework open up opportunities to the largest worker pool in the world - #digitalnomads
RT I'm sick of those in the US using a tragic incident in London to fuel racist political agendas. London is angry, but we don't rea…
RT Environment day: a day a year to remind us our everyday responsibility to #MakeOurPlanetGreatAgain
RT . secures communications for more than 40 million websites globally; learn how from Jillian Karner:
This would explain my Papa John's addiction... "Papa John's employees accused of selling cocaine" -
Let's not forget a golf course he owns. That the U.S. taxpayer pays for him to go to. #ethics
RT We demand an independent commission. #MarchForTruth
And when you were getting gigabit, I already had it 2 years ago with
RT All organizers of #MarchForTruth events around the country are calling for peaceful demonstrations today in 150+ locat…
RT Statement on the US' withdrawal from the Paris climate agreements. #parisagreement
RT If you ARE going to destroy your own planet, at least build your own Death Star and do it in style. #ParisAgreement
As an American and a citizen of the world, this sucks. The US has abdicated its seat at the table for the future of the world. SAD!
At this point, the swamp is clogged. had no intention of draining it and his supporters were duped on purpose. No regard for ethics
Anyone else thinking this whole #covfefe thing is a distraction? Modus operandi whenever things heat up, some crazy tweet redirects
RT How do you scale an #open culture (and get it right)? Here's how we're approaching it:
Working in/using #opensource means you have a community of people worldwide who unite around a common idea that can assist you
RT Before Kris left for climbing this Wednesday, she said "We set a high bar for ourselves. We want to do systems research and pub…
RT Such a loss 💔 So many communities will have a Kris-shaped hole in their hearts, she influenced so many of us in many ways. I w…
OH: I need to recast the dialogue writer in my dreams
The right decision, even if it took them forever and they almost made the wrong one. Also, #GlazersOut #GlazersFullSaleNOW
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-7 Members Arrive for Prelaunch Activities -
Yep. Or nano
RT We're exited to share International &amp; Ukrainian expertise! - fireside with Patrick Debois - National Bank of Ukraine #…
Such a beautiful guitar! I wish we lived closer so we could play together!
Can't pick just one.... - American History X - Fight Club - The Illusionist - Keeping the Faith - Rounders
RT One week until our next #DevOps KC Meetup with from We'll be discussing "Policy languages, the SDLC, and…
So this is fun... 734a, already 82F, feels like 102F, BECAUSE IT'S 93% HUMIDITY. FFS!
Having spent much of my life visiting family throughout the state, can confirm.
How to exit vim
RT RIP Kris Nóva. I had her on the show and was blessed to spend time with her just a few months ago. She was a genius and mad…
RT I'm truly heartbroken. Life is full of distractions, but don't let them stop you from telling the people you love how m…
Yeah, gut wrenching ☹️😢
RT Last Wednesday evening Kris Nova had a climbing accident and died. All of us that loved her are heart broken and stunned. She…
Yeah, you and me both. 乁⁠(⁠ ⁠•⁠_⁠•⁠ ⁠)⁠ㄏ
Thank you Todd. 😭
RT "#Opensource philosophy goes well beyond software -- and into our lives" by via
Of course they couldn't vote for something positive...
RT By reversing the three most damaging components of the Brownback tax experiment, CCR for HB 2067 is a policy victory for…
RT Great advice from on managing #devrel communities #community
RT Stack Overflow Trends gives new insight into programming languages and technologies
Well what am I supposed to do with my toaster now?
While reviewing phones
Dance videos
RT #DroidConUK 16: on #CommunityDriven #AppDistribution: #mobile #android…
My favourite is #community #OpenSource #devrel
RT On this Memorial Day, try to spend a few minutes in reflection, honoring those who lost their lives protecting our country…
RT Some days we are all Buster Posey.
Wait... Windows 10 Mobile is a _thing_?
RT Here's a simple Obamacare replacement Republicans can use, in the form of a further amendment to the Social Security Amend…
Good for you
Did you have to use a back channel, er I mean covert channel?
Hmm...
Exactly what Putin wants &amp; Russia has sought for a long time. Who knew it would take a US president to hand it to him on an silver platter?
RT About 25,000 American soldiers died in the Revolution to gain our freedom. The Emoluments Clause was so no foreign power could…
Upping my coffee intake immediately
RT If you’re considering trying one of the various flavors of Ubuntu, has details to help you choose:
RT Dan Rather posted an emotional open letter to President Trump about the Portland victims
RT This is what #resistance looks like -- the last letter from Mordechai Anielewicz, who led the Warsaw Jewish uprising in…
Stop calling it a "back channel" folks.. what Kushner requested is a "covert channel", secret from US CI eyes
RT It’s All About Communities: Why Open Source Is Great for Business: #OpenSource
RT . webinar offers guidelines for shaping your new #opensource project:
Do they give wet wipes in #F1?
I know, right?
It's high time we start labeling these as acts of terror.
Good thoughts here on “How to Go From Hobbyist to Professional Developer”
Forget about partisanship here. S/GOP/{country|world}
Don't stop with this smokescreen. Getting rid of Kushner won't stop his influence and role for Trump to Russia
Never far from the golf course.
RT Reasons to be against net neutrality: - Ignorance - Greed - Generally hating humanity - You fear Skynet (this *may* be leg…
Hmm thought I saw somewhere recently that he's never posted
When those crumble they'll change their tune. They've sold their soul to the devil &amp; until they stop getting what they want they're staying
Thing is, they keep winning special elections... Until they feel their seats are in jeopardy I am not sure this puts much of a dent in
Fox will be airing something completely different this weekend me thinks
You think now is what will do it? I am not so sure
Yeah, there is. He's family to Trump and it will be taken personal by DJT, and my guess is he'll fight this one to the end.
Honored to have been part of this event with &amp; - see a few of the ideas worked on and the winners! #mygalileo #gnss
"I caught you a delicious bass." #greatmoviequotes
All in a day's work...
I have been using for awhile now and this is a great step!
My Oldest: "Friends are like snowflakes... They go away if you pee on them." #wordstoliveby
That is assuming that they all go the correct direction
They already do... And are also highly inconsistent across airports in the same day
These guys just can't get out of their own way
For reference -
According to USAToday it was because one was a requirement and the other wasn't
It was not a requested requirement evidently according to USAToday... Mrs. Obama also didn't though
It is a Vatican requirement for women bidding the Pope
RT This tutorial will give you an intro to JSON - a lightweight format easy for sharing, storing &amp; working with data
GLORY, GLORY MAN UNITED!!!! #MUFC #UELfinal
RT Strategic #community management tips via
Well sure... But what about Goose?
#RIPSirRogerMoore #Bond
So - we have been seeing slowdowns of 30+% the last few weeks… Here is Speedtest ( &amp; yours is attached
The Art of the Deal
And that's just those covering the Trump Administration meltdown
Glad he knows The Cyber
Great job Team !!! So proud of this step we've made
Great win for #opensource and #gpl
To the Polish establishment with a restaurant, pub &amp; fitness center in the same bldg - Brilliant. Guilt leading to motivation. Repeat.
#RIPChrisCornell
Networking party for #infoshare with and
RT Register to attend a new, "Getting Started" webinar and learn how to install #NGINX, configure, debug and more
RT Save your seat for "NGINX Basics and Best Practices" on May 23 at 10 AM PT #webinar
RT Learn how to develop, deploy, introduce, and deprecate #microservices in this exclusive, free O'Reilly ebook
And like that reports are going to file into authorities by people reporting someone they know who is a giant dick.
One of these things is not like the other... News version of "2 Truths and a Lie"?
At this point... He's destroying himself.
Yup. Would immediately be suspect
Would not surprise me at all
...WHAT?? That means Russians brought listening devices - "Putin offers transcript of Trump meeting with Lavrov" -
You beat me every time mate
Hey I'm not slow!
Didn't realize that was all it took to crush your dreams #opportunitymissed
I would posit the Internet has not gone far ENOUGH Best use for an iPhone I have ever seen.
RT HyperTrack #OpenSources its live location sharing app -
RT Join the Community of Remote Workers
Some great ideas being formed here! #MyGalileo #hackathon #gnss #android
Fantastic list from that everyone in #devrel should take to heart
RT Why Everyone Is Wrong About The Economy --&gt;
If you haven't already registered don't wait! It's going to be a great time! #Galileo #hackathon
Yeah probably a safe bet... Check the instructions to see if you do the whiskey before or after... Or both. Since brands recommend both
That's your takeaway? Mine is "Let and handle bees"... But you know, whatever 😎
But said that carriers/providers wouldn't do this and #netneutrality didn't need saved
On my way! #galileo #hypertrack #hackathon
Oh this is so timely - thank you. I could have made a horrible error this weekend.
RT Our government ethics program depends on a free press. #worldpressfreedomday
RT
RT Made an exception to our own rules to make this facebook-official. Help spread the word that #POTUSeviction is on! ht…
It’s a new thing.
RT Calling all attendees! We're holding a location-app #hackathon the day before! €3000 in p…
Putin will not like this one bit... "Baltic countries to disconnect their power grids from Russia" -
And wouldn't you know... He's from here in Kansas. SAD!
Great- next we'll learn that 5 is a reality show - "25 great white sharks spotted off Cal coast"
RT Our tutorial video about building location tracking for at-home service visits is guaranteed to get you started -
RT Take me Holm! 🇸🇪 Respect to 👏🏻 #UEL 🔴⚫ #mufc
In all the years I have known thee, I never knew thee to be so creative - a borderline Renaissance man!
Is that like "on the lam?"
That is another amazing phrase. I am, hmm... What's a good word... "Flabbergasted?" Or "Awestruck?"... Wow! I just came up with 2 new ones!
Ohhh! That’s another great word! You’re such an innovative wordsmith! You have all the best words! I am sure everyone tells you that!
Absolutely - #hackathons all over the world embody this on a daily basis!
Yeah - this new phrase I am inventing seems to really encapsulate it all - “it’s life imitating art” - see? Isn’t that the bestest phrase?
Oh I so need to do this….
In B4 Trump picks Giuliani for FBI Director
And? That's not debated... What is suspected (and with good reason given Trump's history) is the firing was retaliatory for the indictments
RT Sometimes people just accidentally and completely unsuspiciously get their hands chopped off, electrocuted then fall out a…
RT How is it "suspicious" that Mace Windu died just before revealing the results of his investigation into the identity of th…
I have plenty of them - and I have visited many times - dooo eeet
Anywhere in the UK is my bet
Woo-hoo! #opensource all teh things!
I love your devil’s advocate tweets
And would fit with the current leadership’s propensity to fly off the handle and spout gobbledy gook - you might have something there
Maybe Omarosa?
His testimony tomorrow (Congress can still call him and should) could be very revealing, more so now
Correct me if I am wrong, but is Comey the only one in this witness list NOT appointed by Trump? If so, this sure seems like a stacked deck
A MUST WATCH! Also comment at - Net Neutrality II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
I have already filed this 17-108 comment, but I specifically support strong net neutrality backed by Title II oversight of ISP's
RT Building live location sharing in your Android messaging app is easy with HyperTrack and a few simple steps -
RT It's time to stand up for the open Internet.
The "Moo Moo" episode of #BrooklynNineNine was powerful - thank you.
That's Steve Rodgers
Want. So much.
PSA: I have famously large turds. #RelatableLinesFromMovies
This is awesome!
Ahhh didn't see the cropped keyboard.. so about and inch long... Geez...
What is the size of that thing? Please provide context before I lose my mind
Question here for - how different are these bags from regular Ziploc bags? Other than maybe being larger than gallon bags?
Great list compiled by for #devs
If they laugh or clap too hard and hurt themselves, at least they'll have coverage.
I am really trying hard to ignore this tweet you have just farted into the twitterverse. Excuse me while I go hyperventilate to calm down
RT People who can’t afford health care do not deserve to die. I don’t know how we can make it any clearer than that.
Episode I was the bestest, coolest, most amazingest Star Wars movie of all time #ConfessBogusStarWarsOpinionJustToAnnoyYourFriend
I thought it was Episode I….
RT I am one with the fourth, the fourth is with me. #MayTheFourthBeWithYou
RT Distributed computing is hard - see how HyperTrack centralizes logging in a decentralized world - #…
Great match tonight - it was the first match for our kids and what a match it was.
This really shouldn’t come as a surprise - members of Congress have always had better healthcare than the majority of their constituents
The way you use CAPS makes me wonder if any evidence would be received
Comey says he “wouldn't conceal” the Clinton email before the election if given the same choice again - but chose to conceal Russia meddling
The latest S8 update broke CTS - my phone is not rooted but it fails SafetyNet’s CTS check -
Happy Birthday !
RT How-To: Signing boot images for Android Verified Boot (AVB); required for Pixel (XL) on May bootloaders
Yup my first computer language
Let's just go with it...
That, or your eye shadow skills are on fleek (did I use that right?)
RT Looking to speed up your workflows? Try these Postman keyboard shortcuts:
Not sure if I am laughing or groaning
Might have needed a reason to leave the country
RT The outlines key concepts for a sustainable open networking ecosystem:
Coffee has water so you can drop that one and add Diet Dr. Pepper. #winning
You should drink
I forgive you.
And wouldn’t you know a Kansas Republican is at the heart of this :godzillaFacepalm: - because, you know who cares about our kid’s health?
Prior to #W3 I used Gopher and Archie to browse the Internet. Life was so much simpler
"I don't know the answers, only idiots know the answers." -The Doctor in Thin Ice #doctorwho
Heck it's true for _most_ people
RT Three new open source license and compliance resources from and announced:
A good #opensource survey to be a part of - #OSS360
What about live streaming?
Wednesday, it is on ! Can't wait
That's a solid lot mate
"Smoke that meat! Smoke that meat!"
I endorse this message
#JCase4President
#savage
Yay! #POTUS overpowered climate change just before his 💯 days
I bought mine with a background check. How dare they!
The nerve!
WHAT?!?!
#fakenews and #alternativefacts
Really hoped to make it this year. #NextYear
This is a great, automated way to let your voice be heard.
Fantastic piece from - "Are Trump voters ruining America for all of us?": Tom Nichols via
Location tracking services in applications have a wide-ranging set of use cases - see how can help
Happy Birthday to my favorite !
#DietOldFashioned
This is akin to me telling the IRS that I don't like their rules so I am not going to pay. Actually that's a great idea. #WillTurnOutWell
Such awesome. So secure. Much marketing bs.
Perfect throw a good 50+ yards.... The Browns couldn't do much worse than their recent picks
Ahh - gotcha. #RealLifeGoals
Finally getting that growth removed from your big toe? #bigfootFound
That’s good polish ketchup!
Maybe it is the death stare Conway is giving the person who asked POTUS a question?
Gov. Kasich was the Moderate I believe America really wants but doesn’t understand why. I truly believe he would have been excellent.
I am sure you’ve already fangirled about this endlessly… but in case not… here you go!
I do miss you lot
Now that’s a valid comparison
What are you blubbering about? Go back to your slumber - so sorry to have awakened you
My apologies - I should have said “Grumpy, Funny, and Altogether Adorable Scot” which would’ve erased any possible comparison to Gary
Matt Smith was spectacular but I did like the grumpy Scot that Capaldi has played
Oh come on - albeit I missed Sunday’s episode but I thought last season was a good one!
RT We've made an #opensource example application for Service Visits - fork it, add to it, test it, and even use it as the base…
#DoctorWho has it right... Yoda also said it nicely.. fear leads to all sorts of bad decisions, both fictional and real life as we've seen
RT
If we ever do a shared talk it's perfect
Yeah, it would be an all-the-time thing, instead of a-few-days-every-few-months thing
New single coming out soon, "Ctl your kubes"
RT Boosting! This is a request for a talk from someone who's gone through the experience of bringing order to madness, specifi…
And this wasn't even the worst of the photos... Thanks for the drinks
Sounds catchy.. maybe should become a little jingle
90s called.....
Yeah I actually sold my old smoker on OfferUp awhile back. They came and picked it up.
That's one I was wondering about
Oh yeah, their account talks about how they're just trying to make money with all that stupid nonsense
Yeah, I have a FB account that I haven't logged into for years....
What app does everyone use to sell things (furniture, clothes, electronics, etc) locally? Is it still eBay?
Nothing quite like the reminder of how much American capitalism sucks when you get laid off on Thursday, and have to make college tuition payments for 2 kids on Saturday.
Certainly an upgrade on sitting in the crowd....
Thanks Dom! Appreciate it so much! Been great to see your growth over the last year!
Delta. Hands down.
RT Each of the next 6 days we are going to make a run at 100 degrees at Kansas City. The last time we had two consecutive 1…
Oooh… now this is nice
Likely due to the fact they would immediately be sued by just about every OEM out there for patent/copyright infringement once they do
RT Why building live location features requires more than maps APIs
I'm like _literally_ going to read this full list
Watched "Monty Python &amp; the Holy Grail" with the kids for first time &amp; at the fade to black my daughter​ chuckles "waited 90min for this?!!"
You forgot the gif....
RT Learn the fundamentals of building cloud technologies directly from The Linux Foundation in this FREE course:
He just can't get in line
4 out of 5 dentists think that other dentist is a schmuck
All dat #ATTBloat
Or maybe let's start with our education system?
On an ATT device? Good luck.
Whatever do you mean?
Ahh - mmk. Back to work for me then
You slowly whinge in the driveway?
I use “whinging” more as it’s more fitting these days
What’s more fun is the difference between “whining” and “whinging”.
RT If a tree falls on an Ewok in the woods and nobody is around to see it, is it still hilarious? (Yes, yes it is.)
Ahh ok. I bet they aren't very good steaks
So Nugent, Kid Rock, and Palin I can identify... Who are the other 3?
When that one policeman thinks it's cool to drive 15mph _under_ the speed limit and laugh at all the sheeple following him... And I pass him
Well obviously.
You're in the upside down...
Thank you #FuelSaver for saving $1.34 per gallon today
Forgive me… I forget what it was I was supposed to apologize for?
RT Dig Ask feature- such a good way to help out the community and knock out that good deed for the day 🤣 Now he…
Stay classy
“overpretentious”, “narcissistic”, “I’ve run out of words to describe him” MRW overhearing teenage girls discussing a boy
This is a feature designed to make the battery fire not as recognizable.
I have words, the best words, for you. Everyone tells me so.
RT The pitfalls of using location streams as an interface for building live location features
RT The state of open source security
Yum. Save me a piece
Y U No Send Pic?
Very nice. Jealous. Eat some for me.
Does it hold a candle to London? Also... You suck.
RT We're now live! Big news to announce! Join the #livestream:
This isn’t about impeachment - it’s about the 25th amendment. Totally different thing.
The people don't have the power to remove an unfit Pres while in-term. Never have.
The bill actually makes some sense, when a Pres can fire the Cabinet members that can remove him. We haven't had this unstable a Pres before
The fastest way to add #location services to your applications - #hypertrack
Would have to agree. #iZombie is one of our favourite shows on television.
This is a deal breaker for me. No snacks? No thanks. #SecretSocietiesNeedSnacks
They don't need them anymore. Sammy has left their core base of enthusiasts and modders which helped them destroy everyone else
This is awesome - waiting for US to follow suit &lt;/crickets&gt;
When you are #workingremote it's nice to have places like #westport to work from
Let’s hope they don’t come and try to beat the screen into submission
New members to the #HyperTrack team!
Do you need to have gravy with your mashed potatoes and turkey? Asking for a friend.
Diego Costa putting in quite a bid for #EPL Best Actor Award #MUFC
This does not end well
Excuse me while I use a gif to express that I'm about to lose my cookies.
I believe you need to find that absent mind.. a *whole* bag? I can't even stand one
Great start to a new series of #DoctorWho
Happening soon! #DoctorWho
RT It's #DoctorWho day! A very warm welcome back to the wonderful Peter Capaldi and the terrific for 'The Pilot'…
Excuse me while I go prepare for Easter Dinner
Heck Trump has played more rounds of golf in 3 months than Tiger Woods has in years. Must be preparing for a PGA Tour run
Had no idea that small of a plane (comparable to the 737) did 10+ hrs. Make sure you get an aisle seat mate
Years after their users....
RT The second rule of implementing your own cryptographic code is "seriously, don't"
This movie trailer is so distracting.
RT Here are some North Koreans for you. Important to remember that the people are not the same as the regime.
That trailer is amazing
The drain is clogged. Where is KellyAnne Conway when we need her to spin this in a way that gives #KateMcKinnon and something to do?
RT Join and on April 18th to talk about moving to Git! Sign up here and let us know your questions!
#opensource
RT Google is announcing new FORTIFY for Android
#opensource
PSA: You know you’ve almost hit that water/coffee intake ratio sweet spot when your spit comes out brownish #coffeeislife #moarcoffeenaow
WOW! - Star Wars: The Last Jedi - OFFICIAL Trailer #1 (2017)
Happy Easter! ☹️😖😢
RT Leaking a bluff of military action against an unstable radical is the epitome of recklessness. Seems this was reason f…
RT End the misuse of Holocaust history, writes
RT . US President (and Army General) Dwight D. Eisenhower on dropping $16,000,000 bombs on caves in the middle of nowhere:…
The best article I've read on websites and the ridiculous spot we find ourselves in - From 2015 courtesy:
RT Check out our first video, "Querying the HyperTrack API using
RT webcrypto-socket will enable you to remote cryptographic operations to a local or remote server. - htt…
There are monsters everywhere
"Comic sans is the Nickelback of fonts" -
. Leak from U.S. now has *UNMANNED* missiles. It’s a breakthrough, magnitude of 5 better than the world
RT #Galileo Hackathon amazing partners: 15-17 May
So irresponsible of to not call him out on his lies and misinformation. But what can you expect of anymore?
I would say “Join the club Mr. Russian Deputy Foreign Minister” but I don’t want to be part of Club #TrumpRussia
Happy Birthday
Absolutely a bad idea... :godzillaFacepalm: - WBRC: Alabama Senate votes to allow church to form police dept. -
RT Join HyperTrack at the #MyGalileo #hackathon #GNSS 15-17 May, Gdansk, Poland - For more info and to register:
This is despicable. This lot is hell-bent on justifying their redirection operation from #TrumpRussia that they’ll stoop to anything.
Next thing we know, they'll claim the Pulitzer Prize is a "Phony Prize"
I love the #Honor8 - been my daily driver device since November
Of course they did... Not surprised. Would be surprised if they didn't.
RT Simulate APIs and backend server with new Postman mock server feature. Get the story on
Am I the only one that sees #FlashGordon in the title screens for #ThorRagnarok ?
And for those who haven’t seen the new #ThorRagnarok trailer -
“He’s a friend from work!” Brilliant! 8 months is too long to wait!
RT Dispersed teams are a way of life at #RedHat. Here's four ways to make them work successfully:
RT "How much time and money will it take one to build an app like Ola/Uber?" answered by our very own
RT Yordano’s teammates carry an #Ace30 banner on the field in remembrance of their brother.
RT Green grass, fresh paint. #TheK is ready for #OpeningDay!
RT The Walking Dead would be better if everyone was a stuntman in a blue body stocking
Absolutely needed. Personal property should not be able to be searched without a warrant just as a house (also personal property) can't be
RT Open source needs you, Indie. New discount (Save 50% with code: INDIE) for independent developers &amp; contributors.
I have the touch bar version, and my keys at times stick and it’s happened with different keys. I have also known a few others with the same
Via - Dan Rather: The number of press praising Trump's Syria actions “as 'presidential' is concerning”
RT If objective of US strike was to stop #Assad from launching attacks from the base that was struck, then US failed.
And I thought I was just constantly sleepy #iamthesmartest #everyonetellsmeso #biglysmart #yawningbigly
that's a party
Next thing we will find out is that Trump thought he was playing Mobile Strike against Schwarzenegger
Congrats ! #RockChalk #kubball
I have had this #Capresso Brewer since 2001 and it is still going strong... I am actually shocked each time I use it (h/t
Seems like just yesterday when nails the 3 - On this date: Kansas rallies to win third national title
RT Godspeed. #JohnGlenn laid to rest today at 1st American to orbit the earth, #Marine, pilot, U.S. Senator and l…
Comic Sans.. the Nickelback of fonts -
RT HyperTrack Participating in 2nd Annual Galileo Hackathon - #MyGalileo #hackathon #geolocation
cool. I'll read it.
I can bring some in tomorrow - you around?
sorta. Had to order it to be delivered as the roasting facility wasn't where they said it was, and the cafes didn't sell bagged
Good evening brew from - Bibi Plantation AA #WineyAcidity #caramel #malt #frenchpress
Here at the KCAUG Roadshow is presenting on the new #atlassian product updates
the whole development leading up to it was well done
Me: WHERE’S MY WALLET?
This episode had a lot of twists and surprises, and of course has me (im)patiently waiting for next season #TWD
RT Integrate location tracking into your app in just a few moments and begin tracking with a simple command: HyperTrack.startT…
RT Using Postman to Test Your API Connection to HyperTrack - #postman #api #locationtra…
I am disappoint...
42
RT The political aims of terrorists are countered when the media highlight the victim rather than the culprit. Show the cost, not…
RT Terrorism can no more be defeated with a military than can thievery. It is only countered by neutering the desired outcome.
RT The goes to... #kubball #RockChalk
Congrats go out to #rcjh #kubball #RockChalkJayhawk
RT Congrats to the young homie frank mason on player of the year honors. Rock chalk
The Stunner for sure... Followed by The People's Elbow
RT If you're living in the US, today is an awfully good day to install HTTPS Everywhere.
RT Live Location Sharing by Google Maps and Facebook Messenger -
RT My statement on today's executive order:
RT 2017 US Coffee Drinking Trends Include More Gourmet, More Youth via
RT Private Internet Access, a VPN provider, takes out a full page ad in The New York Times calling out 50 senators.
in general I agree. The opportunity here is to embrace what we have and have bipartisan work to make #ACA better #hopesanddreams
you are assuming that actual, coherent thought existed.
Because, you know, that's how serial-bankrupters do things
RT Write up about some work I did related to LG G4 decryption (Android security):
RT Great ball players and even better men. Thank you and for all you have given to our pro…
you left some on the plate
you definitely have to pace yourself
RT Today is #tolkienreadingday - how much do you know about the author?
3 games into the #NCAATournament for #kubball &amp; the thing I am most impressed with is they're putting teams away - not letting them stay in
RT Tonight we’re celebrating our 5th anniversary! 💙 You can tune in on Instagram and Snapchat: thedigitalocean 🚀 #DOHigh5 #L…
Ah nice! Was thinking about heading over there a little bit ago.
exactly. this is so nonsensical that it defies reality.
well I have already reviewed it... why can't they? :P
RT Team in SF
sure. Care to provide us with your checkbook to do so? When was the last time you paid for healthcare?
In case you were wondering, Stormtroopers don't have easy access to taking a dump #formoverfunction
yeah you should really work on that. Not very bigly of you
RT Postman: Going native
RT Exciting to talk about and moving their location stack to HyperTrack -
RT How I see my dog VS how my dog sees me
Here at the #gitlab9 launch event in #SF CEO answers questions about the new release
RT White supremacy/ white nationalism is violent and tragically can be deadly. Sending my thoughts and prayers to Timothy…
RT Developer Survey 2017 is live! Read → Discuss - 1pm ET on #stacksurvey17 chat →
RT Great Meetup on Community with (Firebase), (KeenIO), (Nylas), and (Stripe) host…
nothing some BBQ sauce can't handle
I'm on my way with my smoker!
Excited to be hitting up the #SF #gitlab9 launch
Anticipate a tweet storm over the next few days
What happens when I tweet at Twitter from outside #twitterception
RT How to be perfectly unhappy for #InternationalDayOfHappiness
yep you don’t want to get too far down the dependency route before finding out it’s not going to work - think of the withdrawal
maybe not - but you'll want to know that relatively pretty soon, right?
RT "We assess they used some kind of cut-out" says Comey about how Russian intelligence maintains contact &amp; control with Wiki…
Kansas Politics needs some new blood, especially with how the GOP has run it into the ground. Great move !
quite common now for them all to make crazy claims with no supporting proof. Standards are you provide proof when making claims
RT Chuck Berry reviews classic punk records: (via
glad to know I at least have the drinking with you part down pat
RT Since taking office, the President’s Mar-a-Lago trips have cost the federal treasury some $10 million—Meals on Wheels costs…
RT Knowing where to start with #OpenSource network security tools can be tricky. Our Beginner's Guide can help
since the Church (broad stroke) hasn’t, the Government does it. Gov’t has every right to tax by force via your vote for reps
A music pioneer to the end... Chuck Berry, rock 'n' roll pioneer, dead at 90 #RIPChuckBerry --
On the money - thanks for the good words here.
RT Excellent piece: The top #opensource rookie projects of the year to watch | #OSRookies ht…
This is routinely my problem - I feel Darth's pain.
it's a wireless camera
Bored Elon Musk couldn't be more accurate - but you know... let's go with immigrants
RT LinkedIn donates Flashback mocking tool to open source
"give to Caesar what is Caesar's."
I love my Irish heritage, and I come from immigrants.
plenty of Scripture about feeding the hungry, taking care of the fatherless and widows. If Christians won't, government will
Amazing show tonight at The Fillmore with Social Distortion - here's Ring of Fire
Getting ready for Social Distortion at the Fillmore
RT Fantastic writeup about early investors in the rideshare economy and their excitement in HyperTrack
Great news for the and teams! Congrats!
Yes, that is a stop sign at a roundabout. #california
So great to get a traditional cappuccino in Europe and not needing to tell them what size.
Ooooh I like this #opensource tool
RT The letter Donald Trump's lawyer wrote to The Onion is the best thing you will read this year
Well that seems to explain everything
Tim.
WTH ??
I have 2 codes to the sky place for mutuals who haven't joined yet.
David, wow! Thank you for the endorsement! And I still have your Logitech presentation remote.
Yeah, pretty close to how I felt.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Cosmic Cluster -
Pato, thank you. I hope we can get together again soon! 🍻
Thank you Ramiro. That means a lot.
Thank you for this Carter! 🙏❤️
Yeah I'll ping you.
Aww thanks Chris. 💓
Thanks James. 💪
Yessss! I won't be at Kubecon either unless something changes, but who knows.
Yep, time will tell. Was a rough day.
Yep, and what sucks is all of the plans and projects in place that were geared around awareness and expansion into new dev communities are just gone. 💨 And that's not just me and one of my former team members, it's a lot of people in Marketing who were driving so much win! 😢
Thanks Lian.
I appreciate this Dan
Yeah, came completely out of deep left field.
I'll never turn down that opportunity!
RT Trip Replay Using and #opensource
The experience of figuring out an action team shot at
it would certainly be a tough act to follow...
Just finished reading "Ready Player One" (I know behind the times) &amp; it's a fantastic book with an interesting view towards #VR now &amp; future
considering this place probably hasn't existed makes it worse
Satellite took a photo just as the plane was flying over this roaster i am trying to find in New Delhi
Happy birthday to the guy who really stoked my fire and love for specialty coffee, !
Either the taxi I was in for 6hrs today has lost its shocks/struts or they were optional when the vehicle was purchased.
"Lord of the Drinks" is the name of this place. Logo on the front is modeled after LotR so I of course had to go in.
This movie is now one of my all-time favorites.
oh my mistake... 😎
or drink more as it seems to stop the coughing
lay off the whisky for starters
Can't tell you how many times has given me this look. I love you babe!
Greatest line in this article is "The cemetery business is bad in NJ, because... cremation is stealing their customers." #cremationFTW
Indian single origin Kalledevarapura aeropress. Spectacular here at Perch Wine and Coffee Bar
I am missing my smoker right now. Well, my wife and kids as well. Maybe the dog. But also the smoker.
Gave a talk about #xdalabs from to the Delhi Tech Meetup group hosted by using
This is fantastic... Used #gitpitch just last night
Seems legit. Can't find anything to go against that assessment
isn’t that what already happens when “gremlins” enter the system?
that they are.
you do have a point. I think I can resist a McDonald’s double-quarter pounder with cheese for a few months. Who am I kidding...
yeah well I live where there are at least 4 in a 3km radius....
even Skynet couldn't have predicted
Yes, but will it keep our food safe from disgruntled employees?
Nailed it!
so Brum?
yup until the 15th - get to experience my first Holi (
You have a reprieve - it’s Thursday already here so technically I still like you until Friday
I don’t hate you. At least now. Tomorrow is another day! =)
#iZombie is absolutely brilliant and every time Liv makes a new concoction I can't help from laughing at the process. A must see TV show
don't forget to grin maniacally and then ask where the lighter fluid is
Chicken Run
Sounds like a beauty pageant
the best words?
Getting to know the wildlife here at the offices in New Delhi #giraffesarecool #icallhimlarry
Great team to be a part of!
Not too bad
sounds like a personal problem and someone should take that from you
Even the cows are waiting for Dunkin Donuts to open this morning
RT Unveiling the plug-and-play location stack for developers
My favourite #opensource editor is
Is this the Brits sarcastic take on Trump's travel ban?
Excited to be part of the #hypertrack community and team building a plug-and-play location stack for app developers
life imitating art...
hah and look to have deleted it as well
ahh shucks... But what is this about?
RT Make your Monday a happy one, get your #MotD2017 ticket now.
you're right of course - my mistake
RT "To see what is in front of one’s nose needs a constant struggle." -- George Orwell
I feel we need these words or wisdom from Ghandi today
I love the KC coffee scene
considering Zlatan had gotten his head stepped on…
I bet some nuns can fart quite loudly... There must be a more definitive scale
this is nothing compared to Nairobi though
Nowhere have I seen "road lanes are a suggestion" as more evident than here in India where as many as 4-5 vehicles hodgepodged into 2 lanes
RT In two weeks time #MotD2017 will be in full swing, don't miss out. Book your tickets today!
The cacophony of vehicle horns here in New Delhi take on a musical background after awhile
it's part of the DNA at #gitlab - the right way to do things
While the #gitlab backup outage was disappointing, their handling of it in a transparent way was full of integrity
RT Good primer on why SMS, Snapchat, and Telegram aren't the best choices for chatting safely. Learn the risks.
RT #Apache and #Nginx are responsible for serving over 50% of traffic on the internet. But how do they stack up?
mate I loved it - highly recommend it
Just watched this movie... Absolutely loved it - The Accountant
yep. And they would diversify people's reliance on Kindle.
amazon gets sales of books on kindle and Google gets ad revenue...
why? Both would benefit
deal. When I am back
#opensource
Sure... But they'd be soo cool doing it!
hit me up on hangouts or DM and we can figure it out
hey mate... In New Delhi for 12 days
Uncle Tom's Steamed Hot Dogs... This is either Tom or he's tomorrow's delicacy. Either way... Lunch is only 18 hours away from now
If he can't remember speaking to the Russian Ambassador then he's incompetent and unfit. Or he lied. Either way...
used to be the physical, paper book.. But now ebooks are where it's at, especially when traveling. Multiple books, more bag space
Cannot wait for this... Though I will have to wait
it's not really about the meeting with Russians... It's the lying and deceit and cover-up about it.
that would explain a lot then
and I thought the deep-fat fried Mars Bars were going to be the death of me (or just hanging around in Scotland
oh this is going to end very badly for me.
which means you have no reason to leave your house! Ever.
TIL that McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts deliver in India. My 2 weeks here are bound to grow my waistline more than intended
steak, whisky and cigars help don’t they?
RT Love books? Love coffee? Love both? Download Book Lover's Guide to Coffee!
nothing brings people together like browsing cat photos and goat gifs in community
This should absolutely happen given the crime was committed by someone influenced by his hate rhetoric - anything less is unacceptable
Absolutely spot on
Maybe if he wasn't tweeting during the raid...
RT Tuesday the house judiciary committee votes on NY Rep Jerry Nadler's resolution for investigating trump ties on russia/electio…
RT Black Duck's Open Source Rookies of the Year designed to recognize last year’s top new open-source projects
RT The NCAA has no sense of humor, but it'd be great if Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway would reveal the bracket on Selection Sun…
Thanks for sharing #AndroidAA
#opensource
So you could say Fox used an expert witness...
RT FT: #MUFC 3 Southampton 2. We've won the #EFLCup!
RT Dear Steve Bannon, This is what a real patriot looks like.
RT Help the family of the Olathe hate crime victim. His wife is a former coworker of mine. Horrible situation. #ksleg
That's our wonderdul #ksleg
Here are the media outlets that the Trump Administration doesn't like, and so they censored them.
This is akin to censorship of the Press.
Good to see animals in the wild have to deal with disobedient children as well as humans
RT HISTORY! No. 3 Kansas tops TCU, 87-68, to claim 13th straight Big 12 title, matching UCLA for longest conference champio…
Rock Chalk Jayhawk, KU!
he couldn't just leave well enough alone could he?
Navigating a four-way stop is evidently a lost art form, much less a flashing red light
Good article on the decline of #gpl in #opensource projects by -
RT Asynchronous workflow is the core on which internal and external communities operate. My guide to getting set up:
RT What's your community value? Read on, find out, get attention:
RT Here's tonight's A CLOSER LOOK on all the Russia nonsense and non-sense
RT WIRED's shines light on quiet project to make investigative journalism unstoppable.
I know... I'm sad as well. Was hoping to hang with you lot
Unlikely that I will be at this event this year - but in the past it's been spectacular! Go get your tickets to #MOTD17
Good question. I am sure has an answer for you.
lots of hormones here on Valentine's Day night?
the only way to respond to that is "Yes dear, yes it is."
Now this is interesting - had not heard Mrs. McMahon was a nominee. I foresee "Small Business Smackdown" as a thing to come for the
I too can use multiple VPNs and access the site (.com and .org) but can only access .org via a normal connection
we will be in touch
RT Assuming positive intent can change everything, says Red Hatter
. your web server is popping 403 Forbidden on and
#ForeverRoyal #RoyalsST
RT Zemlin: On networking, we’re working with the largest carriers in the world to open source network infrastructure. #lf…
RT Zemlin: We are trying to make sure projects we work with have a community of developers who can work with the code. #l…
:facepalm: No. It's not.
RT Learn how to make your first open source contribution, launch a new project, and build a welcoming community
In every one of us there lies a seed... Be curious. Be open-minded. Be supportive. Be dedicated. Be bold. Be Geeks.
wonderful cert bots... Thanks.
RT This Kansas game is insane.. Anything is possible!!! #RockChalk
#RCJH
I just backed Developer Relations: A Book for Technology Professionals on #devrel
RT Why it was so dangerous for Trump to use his phone, especially the flashlight function, at Mar a Lago
RT Never leave a key in a classified lockbag in the presence of non-cleared people. #Classified101 (Original Photo htt…
Watch the Open Source Leadership Summit Livestream tomorrow (14-Feb) via from
This sounds so familiar but I can't put my finger on why...
Congrats to
#alternativefacts in #alternatereality
This administration needs a serious refresher course on what checks and balances are, or they could just read the Constitution for starters
Being a facilitator is a lost art in leadership these days... Good article here from
at the risk of sounding redundant, your app is terrible.
This is in direct violation of OGE regulations about using the office for personal gain - he's clearly advertising -
Ahh you're right. My mistake
RT SNL presents The White House Home Shopping Network. #SNL
#alternatereality #alternativefacts
I can make your hands clap
That doesn't follow. No, he obviously wanted it more.
but the dog was hungry. And it wanted it more than whoever owned the food in the first place.
RT meanwhile, animals continue to not give a fuck about our problems
accountability IS viewed as abuse by those who feel they are above it.
"If voters could choose they'd rather have...Hillary Clinton (49/45) instead of Trump." - They did choose, by roughly the same margin
RT Frederick Douglass was a refugee, writes
I believe the President of Mexico has been pretty consistent in his words about the wall.. No reason for DJT to misunderstand
Time for some La Lagunitas Honey coffee #mufc
RT 5 ways to become a more open leader: | via #leadership
Samsung won't be shipping ingredients for s'mores in the box?
RT Watch &amp; Angus Young shred.
I think we all should pause right here &amp; watch a T-rex attempt to put on boots &amp; then try to shovel in a blizzard -
[3/?] Subpart G of the SOC speaks to Misuse of Position for personal, family, friends benefit -
[2/?] The SOC clearly states how the Executive Branch can avoid unethical behavior -
[1/?] So the "Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch" is good reading -
Deal.
I absolutely agree with your statement here - and hope you honor your words, as we expect you to be a man of your word
VERY nice. I'll be right over!
what exactly is it? how did you age it? how will you cook it in cast iron? DETAILS MAN! #opensourcecooking
excellent. I smoked a bottom round roast and sausages for a chili i made over the weekend. Delicious.
RT ISIS wants you to hate Muslims. It's their best tool for recruitment. Don't let ISIS win. Love your Muslim neighbour.
Maybe... Just _maybe_ that's what he was thinking he was doing with the #MuslimBan
RT Federal appeals court maintains suspension of Trump’s immigration order. Here's how the order was created:
RT Now would be a good time to keep up with privacy and law. Subscribe here for the newsletter
RT We're starting a "Project of the Week" blog series. First up is Kap, an open-source screen recording app.
RT Do you know where that open source came from? &lt;- Vetting open source
"It's a difficult time but anger and fear aren't the answer." - Watch " - Interesting Drug (Morrissey Cover)" -
you only get one shot...
welcome to KC! Joe's KC, Gates, Arthur Bryant's (original downtown), Woodlawn, Papa Bob's, just to name a few
RT Here are five essential reads to get you up to speed on the state of online privacy, VPN, and related topics.
RT have a look behind the scenes of heavydirtysoul.
will have to look at moving it up the queue
is it good? Haven't gotten around to checking it out yet
more proof bicycles should be banned =)
I believe the WH staff tweeted from the POTUS account about it as it was nice and without any "look at me" comments
Admittedly this would be a much bigger deal than our last world record attempt - "the largest gathering of people wearing holiday sweaters"
yes but what about godzillaFacepalm?
more qualified for sure. All you're missing is the millions of dollars she and her family have donated to the #GOP to secure the vote
I just published “Developer Communities and Why Your Company Should Care”
RT Learn how to secure, configure, and host your site with #Nginx:
This is a fantastic offering for #opensource developers
Thank you - too bad the #GOP can't stand to hear it.
RT It’s disappointing that Senate Republicans can’t listen to the words of Coretta Scott King without crying foul
RT Here is the Coretta Scott King letter that Elizabeth Warren read from — and was then rebuked, and silenced, for doing so.
reading that reminded me of the times I had to explain this when I worked at an internet provider in the mid-90s #nostalgia
#seemslegit
While this still needs to go to a vote, this encourages fraud - GOP pushes to close Election Assistance Commission
it is imperative that checks and balances are held up and that the administration is held accountable for their actions
RT 935 companies have dropped advertising from right-wing website Breitbart so far
I thought the first rule of signing anything is you read what you're signing...
#FlowersOfManchester
its a good season so far
Halloween can't come fast enough
OH: If I own a pair of boots older than you... We are not hooking up
At this Irish pub in Porto and there are a bunch of Arsenal fans celebrating and cheering their team on over those tossers at City... And it's nice to know there's one thing you can count on: that Arsenal fans are obnoxious no matter where they are.
FFS... That's ridiculous
I'm just surprised the Royals are still in the Wildcard, if they can finish it out.
You should check out by On desktop it's great, and lets you return to classic Twitter. On mobile you have to use Firefox (iOS or Android) or Safari.
Or have invested a lot of money in real estate, or have poured money down the drain in long leases and no one is using them.
Flight from Madrid to Porto delayed 1hr due to "flight restrictions into Porto". Which Air Europa knew about before we boarded (Delta app and FlightAware both listed the delay), only to tell us once the doors are closed that we will be grounded for an hour. In a hot plane.
My therapist gave me an "Anxiety and Depression" score sheet lol 😭 "How many boxes can YOU check? High score wins an extra session!" 🤘👏😭
As soon as they need a new volunteer, I'm ready.
RT Head of the Open Source Program Office at says that we need #opensourceAI. Learn more about her take on open s…
Enjoy! I'm headed to DevOpsDays Porto in a bit.
For up to a 3 day trip I can make it work, but any longer and I need a carry-on + backpack
Also where ya headed?
Yes, but I try to limit those opportunities
That's awesome! I am genuinely not jealous (I don't run - unless I'm playing futbol or basketball... If you see me running you should join in because I'm running from something) but I'm so excited for you.
This weekend be as comfortable and cozy as Alice
I like being able to see what's being played on the Google Home speakers in the house. My youngest is currently listening to The Smashing Pumpkins. Proud Dad right here.
RT Cards against humanity’s website explaining why they’re suing Elon is pretty fucking good
RT Make sure to RSVP for this month's #DevOps KC meetup (Tue Sept 24th) happening at with from spe…
Thank you Christina!
Thank you Sharone! This means a lot.
Thanks Tessa. I do appreciate it and will stay in touch
Thank you Angie! 🤘🙌👏
RT Meta’s LLaMa 2 license is not Open Source
Has a certain ring to it
Thanks Cecelia! You are amazing, and I appreciate your thoughts.
Thanks Gareth. I do appreciate it!
Josh, you are a great example of someone who did amazing work and contributed so much to the success over the last few years. I thoroughly enjoyed working with you, and look forward to seeing what you do next!
Thank you Floor!
I will definitely do that!
Thanks Jay, I appreciate this so much. It was delightful meeting your family, and I hope we get to again!
So after 3.5 yrs @ CircleCI, I was let go along w/ others in Sales &amp; Marketing. I truly enjoyed my time there, &amp; my #devrel team did some amazing things driving awareness &amp; connecting DevRel &amp; Community w/ the rest of the company. Hit me up if you want to talk about new opps!
Today's Image of the Day: Student Experiments Take Flight on Sounding Rocket from NASA Wallops -
Oh hell yes #Shoresy
Had such a great chat and drinks with and and I can't believe I didn't get any pics
#soon #TheWalkingDead returns
Something to build upon
Well done
Take my money now. #GotGVol2
true... Next time just for you.
A unique waiting room for this toilet at a restaurant. I am sure it might make it difficult to finish your business with an audience
"checks and balances" (nor the Constitution) exist in their paradigm
yeah have looked at yubikey in the past... Which one you have? A nfc and USB would be nice
spectacular... Now to find a place with good value for one
Let's go #MUFC
RT You could take your kids to a restaurant or cut out the middle man &amp; just spill a drink, throw crayons under the table &amp;…
that being said, who cares who it was modeled after?
what is worse about this is that "Egyptian peasant" does not equal "Muslim woman", especially in ~1886
Fantastic presentation from on #opensource - wish I could have been at #OpenSource101
Oh I don't know - the way it was intended? Read the Constitution please - called checks &amp; balances.
Wait, I'm confused... Was it a ban or was it not? Following the Constitution is viewed as a bad decision by those not wanting to protect it
Agree wholeheartedly... Follow the beginning of this here
Our schools are not for sale.
"Imagine the most horrible, terrifying, evil thing you can possibly think of and multiply it… by six." #moviequotes #artimitatinglife
you're forgetting that the truth doesn't matter to these people - #alternativefacts are what and ilk love
Be sure and check this out if you're a student or would like to be a mentor and interested in #GSoC2017 [worldwide opportunity]
RT Tens of thousands of visas have been revoked because of Trump's #MuslimBan
RT Happy Birthday #OpenSource! The OSI was founded on Feb. 3, 1998.
yes we will continue to hear made up crap from these people until they start being held accountable for their lies.
yup. #BowlingGreenMassacre - these people live in an #alternatereality where they make things up to support their idiocy
though if that #alternativereality involves #FrederickDouglass being alive then that's #alternativefacts i think we can go with
#alternativetimeline
RT You had one job,
RT Perhaps if #FrederickDouglass was being recognized more and more, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
RT If Donald Trump would like to investigate what he considers "voter fraud," perhaps he should start with his family and advi…
t is so hard follow his mad rantings.
In typical narcissistic fashion Trump can't NOT talk about himself and how he feels wronged. Immature children do this - mature adults don't
Not only looking for ideas, but also looking for mentors to be involved in the process - check out #GSoC2017
that's what I was getting at...
RT The meme gen and app drop in 3, 2, 1...
potentially tax free (even if not the taxes wouldn't be terrible given our screwed up tax brackets) - and likely no age limit
PM has been sent and I have referenced this tweet. This is the 2nd time I have had to get this fixed.
you just can't get bills right, can you?
Dang.... I'm in the wrong profession.... Or am I..?
in all fairness, it doesn't take away from a solid device
RT Betsy #Devos doesn't just hold some extreme views, she lacks basic competence for Secretary of Education position.
Absolutely spot on.
RT . we respectfully (&amp; bipartisan-ly) disagree w you that Yates shoulda resigned
I believe we're going to have to get used to Trump's seeming desire to make a reality show spectacle of the Office of the President
I wonder what triggered the cancellation...
of course now that I am listening while trying to work - I can't help breaking into spontaneous 5pc air drums
Junior year - everything about this album just rocked for me. Was also teaching guitar to this girl I really liked
Felt like a little #VitalogyAlbum this afternoon
This seems appropriate to send out at this time - and probably many more times to follow... #DouglasAdams on Elected Officials
I do not believe that Trump knows the process for refugees or prospective immigrants entering the country.
I remember reading this article back when it was absurd to think of Trump winning...
What will become a starting point for the degradation of our Education system
RT Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. -Ben…
if you're referring to the porcelain throne, yes
oh come on... i just ate
I will probably find myself vomiting here any second for this, but I agree with Gary Excuse me [bleh]
A fantastic opportunity for any students out there interested in a global, summer internship - #GSoC2017
"The Republican Fausts are in an untenable position... [The deal with the Devil]... will cost them their soul."
sure - but over there all it takes is a good cuppa and a biscuit while waiting in a queue to calm you lot down
it's been very positive to see the amount of peaceful protests against the administration so far - tough thing is continuing it
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
RT It's not just that fired the Attorney General. It's that he fired her for refusing to violate the Consti…
nah he will just appoint another crony to redefine the rules
RT Here is a link to the president's new EO on cyber policy.
Interesting it's the same org that Trump said fully supported him &amp; his plans during the campaign... I guess not.. Another crony installed
RT No confirmation vote on Tillerson or Sessions should occur until senators determine each’s role in the Muslim ban.
RT Putting Steve Bannon, an extreme right-wing operative, on the National Security Council is dangerous and he should be re…
RT Trump said yesterday no one cares about his tax returns. &amp; I have a bill requiring their release. Retweet this…
hah not much to argue with there
in all fairness you _can_ be registered in two or more locales, so the real issue is if they voted in both spots
yeah confusing a few of his kids and staff members also have dual voter registrations
Oh this _must_ be for research purposes only... /sarcasm
Maybe the White House should have, you know, vetted the EO first...
a lot can change in a week :P
RT The #MuslimBan must be reversed—now. 1. It will not make us safer 2. It was poorly constructed &amp; executed 3. It is contrary…
Another thing we'll have to get used to - Angela Merkel 'Explained' The Geneva Convention On Refugees To Trump
We are going to have to get used to this as the SOP of the Trump [Mis]Administration -
Good - now if they would denounce the rest of the things which go against core Christian doctrine
RT No matter your politics, this is a grave concern. A government which refuses to respect the orders of its own courts is called…
RT Clear from confusion at airports across nation that exec order was not properly vetted - such a hasty process r…
Good guy
and what is your response to DJT's ridiculous Immigration EO, especially being signed on Holocaust Remembrance Day?
RT Read more from fmr White House ethics lawyers, Richard Painter and on Trump's immigration ban:
For starters... Deuteronomy 10:17-19
RT Don't tell me the #MuslimBan is about security. This will help ISIS radicalize people. The President has put us all in far…
RT Breaking: GOP Congressman calls #TravelBan "ultimate display of mistrust", "will erode allies' willing…
RT Pleased to see opposition from across America to the bigotry and hate spewing out of the #WhiteHouse. #MuslimBan
And yet they are eerily quiet
Did McConnell just wake up and needs to catch up on everything going on?
RT If you ever wondered how a democratic Germany let Hitler come to power, just watch the GOP congress inaction now #StopPresid…
Check out for their stories
"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." - Lord Acton, 1887. took you little more than a year
RT That the President of the United States would order on Holocaust Memorial Day the banning of a people due to their religion is…
RT ...and the Orlando killer -- not one of these terrorists were from ANY of the 7 Muslim countries where ppl are now banned from…
RT 9/11 hijackers, shoe bomber, underwear bomber, Times Sq bomber, Ft.Hood &amp; San Bernadino shooters, Boston Marathon bombers, Che…
it is what happens when a childish man rises to power - he must surround himself with those willing to blow smoke up his arse
RT This seems as important as the spectacle overshadowing it.
RT We're urging Senate to cancel vote on Sessions atty general nom based on his reported involvement in executive orders signed by T…
That's got to be a coincidence right? 😒
RT Our full statement: Federal Court Grants Stay in Challenge to Trump Immigration Ban
RT Text of court order with nationwide injunction against Trump's deportation order: show this to anyone violating it
RT University Of Michigan Defies Trump By Refusing To Release Immigration Status Of Students
How quickly the tune changes - stand up to the bigotry and hatred.
RT Rep. Nadler: "Not a single terrorist incident since before 9/11 has been caused by anyone from any of the 7 countries the presiden…
Ahh yes... So many Christians I know place country before God. They ignore the inconvenient too easily.
Carve time out of your day to read the names of the refugees from Nazi Germany who we turned away in 1939 on the St. Louis -
RT Trump pulled this ad informing Americans of health coverage they're legally entitled to. Anger him by sharing it:
I always knew you shared a resemblance to a disabled animal but I couldn't place it until now!
So great that these long-time friends can finally have an "official" conversation. What are the odds that Trump turns off the recorder?
So I think I follow what he's saying - "if it's not fake news (ala Breitbart) or alternative facts it's not news". Got it.
or is that some weird Aussie phrase meaning "he sucked the raw milk from the dairy cannons of the neighbor's bovine?"
you call that bad? my grandfather ate raw onions all the time. Not even sure your comparison is on the same level as DJT
yeah... don't remind us
it's all about redirection with them.
ah yes - a little bit of special right there
is that a new hash tag now? I want to make sure I stay informed.
BOOM! HERE COMES THE BOOM!
hah.. I sent a package on Monday _across town_ and it still hasn't gotten there... We are talking 30 miles
RT . can sign whatever executive orders he likes, but the law is the law - we're not bringing back torture
explains him calling Taco Bell "Mexican food"
sure.. but that also means he thinks we're all drug dealers and rapists and murderers - or as he says "Chicago"
Oh my - I wonder what could have changed?
So what DJT is saying... is the American people are going to pay for it...
RT For those keeping count, I've found that Bannon, Mnuchin, Priebus, Kushner, and Tiffany Trump are all registered to vote in tw…
What's so 🤔 about this is DJT using this about a Caucasian immigrant to justify his voter fraud claims where "they looked" foreign
RT America's interests are best served when we honor our own laws and foundational ideals. We derive much of our national p…
He's willing to ignore experts in just about every other field - why stop now?
Things like this are found in the "Ways to Be A Dictator" manual now available for rental at the Moscow Public Library. #alternativefacts
it'll come in with fire!
So very interesting.
Count this as one of the interesting things seen in NYC today
probably... Mine are in need of a good cleaning
Me thinks I wore the wrong shoes to a rainy NYC #waterandsuededontmix
I don't believe this to be true.... #hopeisalive
Cortada and Kenya Nyeri pourover at - I'm ready for the day
avoided that and the defibrillator #winning
What could go wrong with this late night pizza run in NYC?
RT Shine on, Ace. #RIPAce
Dinner is on at #TimesSquare
Now this is a bit more like it now that I am in #NYC
ah those were the days. I still remember my 300 baud acoustic coupler
I will say it is getting "faster" but that isn't saying much at this moment #Newark
Sitting at Newark - and I think we have a problem...
RT "You'll never be open if you don’t encourage employees to tell you that you’re wrong."
to pee? =)
RT We are heartbroken. #RipAce
RT Thank you for your support during this difficult time. #RIPAce
#RIPACE
#RiPACE
RT Somber scene at Kauffman Stadium as fans come to mourn the loss of their Ace.
Countdown to coming out proclaiming how unfair the media is at reporting this when it just means they all took a golden pee break
it's always good to diversify
hmm.. so yeah... Not going to protect our improve
especially if she is a vampire
but it does make you want to learn to count, right?
he is channeling the pettiness of his boss and his need to be loved by everyone
Here's the thing - it wasn't HIS claims, he clearly was reading from a statement. Call a spade a spade we know where it came from
Add the press secretary to the list of people needing fact checked... O.o
This world be the sort of thing that would send a wonderful, gracious message that brings people together... Something POTUS incapable of
It's going to be a very interesting next 4 years
#WomensMarch
RT The influence of the #WomensMarch extended to every continent, including Antarctica.
RT . was one of the first to congratulate the man who claimed his #MUFC goalscoring record. Class. #ROONEY250
given the contries he would have to fly over and the control the US had in each there weren't many options
understood. His passport was revoked leaving him little to no choice on where to seek refuge
absolutely not - is not a Russian spy
what's this nonsense of working for Russia?
technically we have until Monday until these things start to come into play since he is taking the weekend off
hot French press
RT "Any successful #opensource community is a teaching and learning community."
you evidently haven't had some of the burgers here in the US
oh I agree... More trying to make the point that smartphones aren't the only culprit for distracted driving
To all my mobile video friends - I am looking into a gimbal and have looked at the DJI Osmo Mobile &amp; the Skylab 3-Axis - any you recommend?
Amazing cup of 's Whiskey barrel conditioned Rwanda Kabirizi this morning
hardly... And that's the sad part
Well had had said he respected dictators... So I guess this makes sense. Glad the military said no. Hope they continue to do so
RT Thank you for everything. My last ask is the same as my first. I'm asking you to believe—not in my ability to create change, but…
RT Important guide on what to do if your phone is seized by police - #freelancers, know your rights:
I'm OK with this if we also require fast food chains to keep people from eating while driving, or people with their little dogs
RT Let's Make America Smart Again.
in all seriousness, this has good info to help you get caught up (
daily. In fact that reminds me to go look for the most recent cache
just forget 90% of Episode 1... And you have all the time in the universe 😀
after the first few hours it will all make sense
My kids can give you a crash course in all things Star Wars
RT It's #CopyrightWeek Day 4: Copyright law should serve the interests of all creators, not just big content industries
what's even better about that story (and it's a good one) is it just got auto-retweeted by a FML tweetbot
letting your hair down is one thing... But letting bubbles ruin the ambiance of your eye shadow is just criminal
actually... Now that I look at it.. you've really let yourself go
I don't even...
This movie is going to be oh so good - but oh so sad. I cannot say whether I will shed a tear or not.. but it's likely
Ahh the beloved queue - told me a wonderful story about him queuing for what he thought was a fantastic ride at Disney
Never would have thought it - but according to this study the US people trust their government more than the UK people do
hey it wanted to be one of those hairless cats... Who was I to deny its dreams
lol he is 13 and I have held off on it the last year or so... For me it was 11 as well... I also haven't shaved in 15+ years
My oldest just shaved for the first time.... O.o
it's like a broken record. They're all finding out about these jobs they've been nominated for but have no idea about
#brownbackFTW #ksleg
OH: I know how to field dress a lobster
Today's Image of the Day: Ospreys Make a Home at Kennedy -
Right back at you Shar
RT she kinda is
This restaurant bathroom has a bidet, if you need me you know where to find me.
Justin, let me know what we can do to support your return! 😀
To be fair, I was very lenient in how long ahead I said it was....
Today's Image of the Day: Wildfires in the Northwest Territories -
Wow! This is amazing news! Congrats Lauren!
Are you even giving a conference talk if you're not updating your slides and order within 3hrs of your time slot?
OH: I only play with small trains
A wild has appeared at #DevWeek #CloudX
It’s also appropriate to thank them, express your disappointment in not being chosen to progress, and ask for feedback. Don’t be a dick about any of it, because that can influence a future opportunity.
Can’t tell you how many times this has happened to me over the years &amp; it never gets easier. It’s also quite common to have multiple candidates in the pipeline and interviewing all at the same time (and that’s how it’s _supposed_ to work) and coming down to 2. It sucks sometimes.
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Crew, Meet Orion -
Yes, but is it DNS?
Headed to #DeveloperWeek #CloudX on Monday, will be in SF all week. Who will be there, or are in SF and want to hang?
RT Thrilled to team up for September's #DevOps insights with co-host &amp; a stellar panel of experts:
Today's Image of the Day: An Artist’s Concept of the Apollo 11 Lunar Module Landing -
dang! 8.0? I can't wait for my upgrade
RT 📻 How do you address security in an open source project? &amp; provide their thoughts in this podcast:
You've got to be kidding me. She flat out has no idea what she's doing (as yesterday was quite clear). The most unqualified of cabinet picks
RT Working from home has its pros and cons. Our authors share 15 productivity hacks when #WFH: #Smart…
what about the flip side when the man doesn't have respect for the office?
Spontaneous combustion?
This is very true. Her benefactor had to die for her to get her money. #ProblemsOfTheOnePercent
RT [whitepaper] The Definitive Guide to #Docker. Click to Download:
This is a really good statement around journalism and the need to get back to it
RT "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools" #MLK
RT Harvard’s complete photography course is now available for free online
Trump thinks the character limit is now 280...
RT We’ve published the largest dataset of Trump connections — 1,500 people and organizations in all.
Unsure if this "nasty" is the same as the "nasty" he called Hillary
RT Even though I was arrested, I smiled bc I was on the right side of history. Find a way to get in the way #goodtrouble htt…
they must be licking their lips in anticipation of an #allnightbuffet
Let's go #ChiefsKingdom
would we even notice at this point?
I don't follow what you're trying to say? We at have called out the others for #GPLv2 non-compliance
#opensource and #GPLv2 adherence is important
dang it. Whose job was it to babysit this time?
Default to using #opensource, otherwise a kitten is killed each time you don't
RT On this Martin Luther King Jr. weekend, let it be clear that John Lewis is an American patriot. Trump's attacks on him f…
RT #JohnLewis is my hero. A towering figure of moral conviction and courage who put his life on the line for justice. #John…
RT Developers can navigate their way through the ever-increasing Android Landscape with this open-source project:
I can picture you getting this and then singing "Damn It Feels Good To Be A Gangsta" by the Geto Boys
RT 5 Crucial Steps to Boost Email Engagement + Drive Business Results by
RT Too soon?
RT BREAKING: We delivered more than 1 million signatures asking to #PardonSnowden! cc:
such optimism... I applaud you sir. I do agree is in a great place to stay relevant in the development community
sad thing is / aren't the first to not get it (looks at etc) #gpl
really? For what?
did you compare build versions? Maybe the ones at CES had newer software?
so US models don't have NFC? This is so bizarre lol
:facepalm: so people who don't actually know how to review...
who is saying it doesn't have NFC?
Wait... What? Someone call the funny farm because Giuliani got out again. DJT wants the exact OPPOSITE of a Free Press :godzillaFacepalm:
Great article about the top backcourt in the nation - "KU thriving thanks to guards Graham and Mason" #BIFM #RCJHGKU
Shh. The grownups are talking.
oh yeah - good point :/
you can have it - it's your turn - embrace the cold and snow
we get about 3-4 weeks of the winter where it goes between 5F and 25F - and then the rest of the time it's aroudn 32F
it's 18F here
the thermometer must be wrong.
I would love to say I am #shocked... But I can't
Brilliant... Who knows - your future self may just need it after living through the next 4+ years
RT The Call For Keynotes for the Community Leadership Summit 2017 is open: - share your experience and…
RT And if won’t follow the Constitution, Congress must fight back every step of the way.
bald gingers are the best as their negative powers have been removed... Which makes me think Samson was at least half-ginger
"The Gang Gets Extreme: Home Makeover Edition (S4 E12)" is one of my all-time favorite episodes
RT The year artificial intelligence exploded
FYI - The is the same office that the #GOP tried to close prior to the confirmation hearings - not _saying_ there's linkage
RT There’s nothing blind about the trust Trump is planning to set up for his assets.
RT I found this morning's press conference profoundly disturbing.
RT Why Trump’s conflict-of-interest plan won't prevent conflicts of interest
RT How to keep your users engaged after your app goes live
this court storming of a #10 WVU team win over an overrated #1 Baylor is ridiculous. Act like you've won a game or two people.
Baylor U. as #1 makes absolutely no sense... As exhibited by this loss to WVU. They've played no one until today.
will "fat Scottish f**k" work?
sounds and looks like the plot for a Pixar spinoff/mashup of Cars and Inception
RT The State of Open Source Security
$0.50 of pee? Is that some form of payment from the old country?
"Altaba" certainly doesn't roll off the vocal cords like "Yahhhhoooooo!"
RT Our requests are eminently reasonable, shared by leaders of both parties. I'll return this letter to with the…
RT Learn key concepts for building open source communities from in this #LinuxCon video: htt…
best to not have those too long... 80 days is long enough before requiring a renewal
in!
I am registered for #CLS17 - now I just need to figure out getting there
that's spectacular! Makes me want to plunk down some serious dough for a Vive!
I am disappointed. Scratch that... Zorg says it best....
yep - and I thought it was fantastic.
RT The Community Leadership Summit 2017 is happening on 6-7 May 2017, just before in Austin. Be sure to join us:
For me it's been the consistent inclusion of in the lineup that has been the spark needed - is 13-2-0 in his starts #mufc
this would make The Sound of Music oh so more enjoyable these days... someone should make a "The Sound of Music and Zombies"
RT "7 New Year’s Resolution Ideas for #OpenSource Project #Developers: Mentor More" via
Hmm - putting one of these on each side of the porch... would be fantastic
I have a 6x AMD Phenom II X6 with 16gb RAM, ubuntu 16.04, and AMD/ATI Redwood Radeon HD 5670
interesting question - my #Linux desktop runs the gamut of basic business use to occasional Steam games - so mid-range power
RT "What is #OpenSource Software and How Can You Use it For #SmallBusiness" by via
well... Putting dog ears on yourself during a boring hangouts call helped to pass the time.
oh ffs...
I do believe this is the API used to create the fun 3rd party hangout extensions... Even though I never saw them publicized
"Conceal, don't feel." #WorstParentingEver #ParentingFail #TherapistBooked
My guess is we'll get the same response the American people get from Trump's camp saying "well he didn't really mean it THAT way"
RT official trump statement is so non-responsive, generic, that it verges on the orwellian.
But he does love Taco Bell tacos. That's the same thing right?
maybe that's what the code is doing... They just skipped the "working" part and went right to the "release it on the Internet"
likely a mistake &amp; he didn't read &amp; just assumed. That being said, yes he is a tool - but hardly the _only_ tool in the shed
brilliant! We can have Mother Nature pay for it as well.
RT Learn the basic terminology and concepts behind the deep learning revolution in #AI. #OSCON
because Yahoo? You're expecting it to be any different from everything else they do?
RT This FREE course will help you develop a good working knowledge of the concept of #DevOps! htt…
obviously he didn't read and just assumed... But wonderfully humorous
show the 5am who is boss and get up at 430am
what's so hypocritical here is they'll gladly choose soundbites themselves, but throw a fit when DJT is accurately quoted.
I am one with the force, the force is with me. Midichlorians can't be stopped.
well then for you lot I'm glad I finished strong
you're welcome. And the week is just beginning!
A good idea considering how many security issues exist in #IoT products
That's a lot of midichlorians packed into such a small package
have you seen how many aren't really noise cancelling?
agreed. #DeclareWarAgainstSpiders
hmm... Now I need to leverage the choice of vacuuming or dealing with their disgruntlement... #firstworldproblems
Curing #RBF one face at a time -
does that mean they are complaining about their poor living conditions by leaving bites?
That's great... So they can now vomit like we do when we see some of their calls
Oh to be a fly on the wall of that conversation....
Useful #opensource utilities for managing time
the problem here (and I do agree with the NCC) is large # of "Christians" voted for DJT who campaigned against the core tenets
I'm going to "DevFest KC 2017" - why not join me? #DevFestKC
#RockChalk #kubball
Done this for years - works quite well
RT To encourage #HTTPS adoption, has created — a tool to measure usage of encryption o…
It is slightly humourous to see Breitbart "News" at the bottom of the list!
sounds like you need to find a new barber. Or a new friend.
really?
RT The State of Open Source Security
The #Honor6X is a solid device - can't beat the price either
RT Red Hat brings order to API chaos so software teams can spend more time creating tangible business value
heh... I once made a specialty coffee drink for a barista competition with grapefruit juice squeezed on top of the crema
oh come on...
This has been a long time coming... I remember conversations about this back when we were in the coffee scene
Fail
#brilliant /me grabs for bank account info
Really excited about this device #honor6x
RT Only two days to go...... #xtraordinary #NewHonor
Final movie in the Meiss Family Movie Extravaganza is a favorite ¡Three Amigos!
RT [ICYMI] #Docker registry to ship and manage your containers via
The perfect movie to follow up the genius of Sharknado on Meiss Family Movie Night is Ghostbusters II -
At the end of Sharknado my oldest says "Why is it rated only 1 star on Netflix? I thought the story was good! 😋" #ILoveMyWifeandKids
/me adds to wishlist
do it on
MeissKid asks "Wait... Sharknado is a horror movie?" replies "No, it's a documentary." #ilovemywifeandkids
Meiss Family New Year Movie Extravaganza begins with the critically acclaimed, umm, masterpiece Sharknado -
Some people just want to see the world burn
Great write up about trusting your staff to make the right calls.
no - just not in the cards. I am certain you will have a good time without me though - albeit without the grubs
wish I was meeting you all at CES. Have a great time!
Happy New Year
So can we get a do-over on 2016? Asking for the world....
we usually watch a stupid movie as a family.
oh yeah. Make sure you don't fall down the stairs. #firstworldproblems
I'm sorry what are we talking about?
now you tell me
cheers! #NY2017
Oddly sounds like what TheDonald would do (and even hinted strongly at)... Who's the copycat here?
Next thing we know the expelled "diplomats" will be invited to setup in Trump Tower
How many glasses of alcohol were involved is my question.
So even with #AliceTheBeagle trying to devour this 8gb memory stick, it still works
Thank you for providing a solid 90's music mix while shopping this afternoon
RT Alphabet May Kill Off Google Fiber Soon #android #google #smartphones
RT The New Yorker's is wrong: Edward Snowden is as important a whistleblower as Daniel Ellsberg:
The link to the report is here -
Yeah - the less investigation the better I am sure.
Here's an idea... STOP DIVING! Problem solved.
RT Rest in peace Carrie Fisher.
Ok 2016 - you win. We lose. #RIP
RT Actress Carrie Fisher, who played Princess Leia in the Star Wars films, dies at the age of 60
RT I'm deeply saddened to learn of the death of Carrie Fisher. I will miss our banterings. A wonderful talent &amp; light has…
tacos
Just saw #RogueOne and I have to say, if this is the level of detail the storytelling is going to be for the other stories, I am excited
If you're ever looking to get into contributing to #opensource, or are in need of an #opensource solution, you should check these out
This is amazing work from and
is there any other time to have a beer?
aka "The Lush" badge
here's a good reference of the long-standing tradition of using X
especially considering most don't realize that the early Christians used "X" to hide Christ in things...
To which Nokia should troll Apple by saying, "Just following your lead Guv'na"
RT It’s official: America has two presidents at one time
Thanks to for the festive holiday marshmallows! #hotcocoa
. 's Signal app also works behind the Great [Fire]Wall of China
Happy birthday to my little sis who for the last 18 years has been bringing joy to all who know her. I love you sis! #proudbro
RT For ease of reading: response to absurd House Intel report in once place.
Not regretting my switch to from at all #uncarrier
does this sound familiar?
RT Keeping volunteers engaged is challenging. Organic collaboration and communication are key to the process:
This was a great opportunity and so thankful to for making it happen!
Hey look ! It's warming up here!
RT Our community collaborated on this working definition of #TheOpenOrg. Check it out:
Watch "Blade Runner 2049 Announcement" on YouTube -
[2/2] where I have had the same rules followed by 2 different airports. A constant guessing game. They need an Undercover Boss or something.
I do not believe it possible that at anytime the TSA has done any type of quality control.. I can't think of a single instance where [1/2]
Somehow this seems like someone playing both sides
Really good thoughts on ways to #bringbackfacts - "An Open Letter to Zuckerberg, Dorsey and Weiner"
Three #Honor8 taking a picture of the Victoria Harbour skyline #HonorCeption H/t
Three #Honor8 taking a picture of the Victoria Harbour skyline #HonorCeption
It was amazing hanging with this weekend #happybirthdayhonor
Shenzhen on a beautiful, slightly smoggy morning #shotonhonor8
in all fairness that isn't the worst name I have been called
RT An update from Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA: a hearing at the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.
my pleasure my young Padawan
you gotta have goals though... Baby steps
it may be, but can you grow one?
So pajamas in business class is evidently a thing
Promote education and teach people to think for themselves; Teach them to be critical and use #AFreeInternet to research everything
#AFreeInternet is essential to the world
Bad News: Flight to Shenzhen delayed 2 hrs in DETROIT.... Good News: Access to SkyClub!
"grenade crossbow?" #CrossbowEnvy #takemymoney
slow cooking is the best. Slow cook some beef with potatoes and carrots for 8hrs... #heavenly
RT Excited to co-host September's State of #DevOps with &amp; an amazing lineup of experts:
Oh the crowd wasn't enjoying it, especially when I added in "Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm" to really spice things up before a return to "More Than a Feeling"
RT 3 Reasons to Implement Platform Engineering into Your Business. #techtalk
Current status: Playing "More Than a Feeling" on the Touchtunes at the bar on repeat.
Yeah it was a comedy of replies afterwards that I quickly lost track of
LFG #Netherlands !!
OH: I'm small dick energy curious
RT How are ya now?
OH: Can you pass me the mushroom paddle
Today's Image of the Day: Phoenix’s Red Planet Selfie -
RT Set a timer! You’ve got 10 minutes until State of APIs with wi…
Fantastic. June is a good time!
Happy Birthday
So you read the after action report I see
Today's Image of the Day: Webb Reveals Colors of Earendel, Most Distant Star Ever Detected -
Kick off of with and #devopsdays
RT Manchester United and West Ham have agreed on a $38M deal for Harry Maguire, reports
Thanks Maguire for your service, but glad we are moving on. #MUFC
that's the right way to celebrate New Hires!
#MotD2017 will be spectacular! Get your ticket!
sounds like a headline on Breitbart news
but I thought he "knows the cyber"?
But I thought he "knows the cyber"?
"I'm surrounded by the biggest idiots on the galaxy." #quotesDescribing2016Election #bestmoviequotes #GotG
that wasn't delicate enough? OK, hows this... "You know what? You would look good in a onesie!"
So I guess this conversation gets really short as I now have nothing to say... You killed my opener....
Maybe should deploy better options for viewing their programmes. I have Prime but no easy way to view their programmes
RT "With an unprecedented new administration taking power, transparency is now more important than ever before.” #PardonSno…
The tree is now complete with our ornament #MUFC
The sad thing here is that Trump blasted Hillary for her GS ties/speeches and now he's bringing their mgmt team/affiliates to the WH
RT On his 100th birthday, remember this powerful open letter Kirk Douglas wrote to Donald Trump
Well I finally have an #Honor8 / - let the fun begin!
A great American hero - #RIPJohnGlenn #RIP
yeah that almost makes the whole video
RT If you're still fuzzy on how the government knows so much about you, click through for a great quick explainer.
well there was that time he was in that firefight in Iraq that got him very concerned about fake news
Guaranteed to get you in the Holiday spirit - Watch "Star Trek christmas song Make It So" on YouTube -
#xdalabs is a great community-centric app distribution platform for developers from #XDA
RT I'm gonna miss this guy #ThankYouWader
I approve that message. Also, you know my shipping address.
RT Thanks for everything, Wader. #ForeverRoyal
I get shivers everytime I hear #Disturbed play this - "Disturbed "The Sound Of Silence" 03/28/16" on YouTube -
RT Congrats to on a monumental 600th career win! 9th-fastest college coach in history to reach 600 victories #kubb…
RT Congrats on 600 💯💯💯💯💯💯 A testament 2 your consistency &amp; hard work both on &amp; off the court. Wishin many…
would have needed a big cart for that action... Also mince pies suck
by "tender loving care" I suspect he's referring to one of these...
RT #RemoteWorking Conference Starts!
RT Edward Snowden stood up for your human rights. Now it's time to stand up for him. Tell to #PardonSnowden:
RT Watching people meltdown over a Black Santa in the Mall of America. "Santa is white!" Well, in our internment camp he was…
This approach contributes to a positive mentality on #opensource - you're standing on the heads of giants
Looks to be a good conference for those who #workremotely
thanks
thanks for this. Can you patch this for the 6.0.1 build on the CM Toaster I have? It was working great until this release.
excellent - looking forward to it
with not being able to attend #DevRelCon will any of the talks be recorded and posted after? #devrel
A good, easy way to get started with email encryption from
yep
yeah same here
RT In a historic victory, Standing Rock protestors successfully halted the Dakota Access pipeline
Win by Bournemouth was exciting and fun to watch
While true, Developer Relations teams need to have a measurable piece as to know they aren't just throwing pasta to see what sticks #devrel
someone didn't have room to pack one.....
agreed.
some call me a coffee snob... I just prefer quality😎
that's an interesting hypothesis though having owned a cafe I am a tad insulted that our coffee would become this crappy sludge
that's a variety of crap coffee... I reject this suggestion
YES, so MUCH YES! Watch "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Teaser Trailer" on YouTube -
PSA: hotel coffee is not coffee at all
difference is he's not even the President and isn't following protocol, ala via State Department and official channels
RT How to play by the eight (unwritten) rules of open source
RT Open-source software is the backbone of many solutions today, so any problems with it could be catastrophic:
A great comparison (and rules) for when you need to feed and care for your #opensource community
And hello to our first internet troll
Truth. #AlicetheBeagle
I just found this and it's awesome - “The Quiet Crisis unfolding in Software Development” by Bill Jordan
This is excellent - #opensource #AutonomousVehicles
I believe your Twitter account has been hacked
Splendid match by #MUFC tonight - last few matches they've looked a bit sharper and playing with purpose.
Contributing to #opensource projects is vital to not only them continuing but also to the world-at-large. If you can't code, donate money
RT Read and weep. On Chapecoense, Brazilian Leicester by Our thoughts are with all those in Brazil Today 🇧🇷
no argument there
And to think it could be Apple doing what we've wanted Samsung to do for so long... Maybe they were just waiting for Apple to show #courage?
by the slimmest of margins did we beat the Donkeys. Good, hard fought win. #ChiefsKingdom
agreed. I personally haven't had issues in a long time.
if you contact their online support about this, they will likely make it right with free months of prime
I predict that Trump will create jobs for one little-known, unreported sector.... Fact-Checker. /me goes to find job requirements
better idiots getting designed every day
"A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools"
RT History will remember Fidel Castro as an evil, murderous dictator who inflicted misery &amp; suffering on his own people
from what I know Google doesn't charge, but the third parties they have authorized to do the testing might
it actually has all the food groups
RT If you know anyone enamored with Fidel Castro you might remind them of his record as one of the worst dictators.
in all fairness, isn't that just what they've always done? This, sadly, would just be par for the course
#truth drop by
This could come in handy
I had one of these this afternoon - it was delicious and I concur with NPH
6am is where it's at
How do you know when you're a cotton-headed ninnymuggins? Asking for a friend #Elf #ThanksgivingMovies
RT Shame on you professor, for marking this wrong
yes. He would have to or break the law
Welp, at least in my area is faster than
$10 bill credit for 20 months on each number you port (and I have the buy 2 get 2 free $120/Mo) saving ridiculous $$ from
In memoriam, "So long and thanks for all the fish!" #uncarrier
So "So long, farewell, auf wiedersehen, good night. I hate to go..." well that's not true. We're off to #uncarrier
RT “Now look, I’m not racist but...” is the #1 qualifier to look out for during your family convos this weekend. #LSSC
Caption is either "The turkey has been brined", or "The Alien has big ears" #ThanksgivingChoices
Open office hours again with Should be good!
sadly, I know some people who would deny it exists, and some who deny it is a problem.
RT Americans pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. The result: 1 in 5 patients cannot afford to fill the…
and it's the coverage that "shocks" us to realize that racism is a problem that needs dealt with now. [2/2]
"wouldn't get coverage" is likely one of the reasons it's still around. Racism has fomented for decades [1/2]
RT The FCC's Open Internet rules protect &amp; maintain open, uninhibited access to lawful online content: #FastF…
i really don't mind the GMail app - it's served me well and I am used to it now after 8+ years?
yep that is the rub
you can use multiple gmail accounts in Inbox iirc.... Just like you do in GMail
I have tried a few times to use it and I just can't get used to it... Do you have some tips/tricks?
Ahh Kansas gets into the news.... :godzillaFacepalm:
this is a sad moment for our nation - how soon we forget.
Wake up America &amp; stand up against this nationalism which would take us back to the Nazis. "peaceful ethnic cleansing"? Really?
This.
Probably overdue, but hopefully #USMNT have a way forward and a plan to make 2018 World Cup
oh are you wanting one that is actually valid? Can't help you out there
hmm.... Let me get back to you on that one.
call an Uber
business idea....
wait by your PayPal
no, you need to go to the store
oh yeah. Get me one too would you?
I completely get it but what boggles my mind is the candidates we ended up with and the winner being a personification of this very thing...
It's a family affair...
So... Just another Kanye concert?
Hallelujah!
agreed. Good nonetheless
#remotework is challenging, but very rewarding - especially when you have a good team around you which I do.
‘Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.’ or something like that...
agreed. Too many just don't care. But then again there are many more who do.
A must read for anyone working on #opensource
An apology demanded for what? The video is a heartfelt thanks for his attendance and a plea to uphold the values of the US... Apologize? Nah
RT Trump's proposed national security advisor Michael Flynn has a history of restricting religious liberty, immigrants' rights, and…
RT Legal precedent on this issue is clear, from the Supreme Court, and settled for 150 years
RT The idea that Snowden must go to court before getting pardoned is just wrong. See the most famous pardon ever: Nixon
exactly my point (and the point of the original poster)
#devrel
This so much this. Our country is founded w/ religious freedom being a cornerstone... To segregate that to one and not another... Shameless.
I think we all would have lost a lot of bets this election cycle
Cuddle like you mean it!
This is really good for everyone not just kids &amp; parents. With the expanse of online "news" we all need to not check our brains at the door
way ahead of its time... In so many sad ways
Finally making the switch to - done with and their insane pricing. #TMobileONE
precies wat ik dacht
" #opensource is all about Community" #cioreview via
I got moves with my belly button
Hey! I know that guy sniffing that coffee! It's !!!!!!
how did you get access to 's audition tape from 1988 for the Mouseketeers?
I have all the best ideas. Everyone tells me so
"Come back here, so that I may brain thee!"
RT Ed Snowden just made a point about Facebook everyone should listen to
This is a fantastic article about how susceptible the right (and ultimately America as a whole) became to electing who we did.
my dad's Sony does roughly the same thing...
can you get to download mode or recovery?
only thing you can do now is roast hot dogs and make s'mores #bestusesforadumpsterfire
Kushner-led firings - "As a federal prosecutor, Mr. Christie had sent Mr. Kushner’s father to jail." - Sounds like classic revenge #Trumpism
At this point I think it'll be par for the course - but also something I think would have plagued Hillary as well
true but you'd at least have food!
don't you wish he was there with you while you work?
that's awesome. I'm in my basement office, and this dog is cooking!
Rock Chalk Jayhawk Go #KU
have you not paid attention to what the TrueCaller app actually does? All of your contacts (names &amp; phone numbers) get uploaded
you might want to help him a bit with this
Eagerly awaiting the same backlash that received for #GoogleGlass &amp; the intrusion on privacy... #snapchatholes (or is it too early?)
I wonder if this will apply to all those non-news sites masquerading as news, like Breitbart and others like it
yep. Amazon is just as bad!
in all fairness, cardboard can be recycled and/or burned safely
wait... Babies? I thought it was kittens and puppies...!
That's it... I'm upping my coffee consumption
ordering tickets for the fam as soon as they go on sale
The super moon with a 4sec shutter on the #OnePlus3
if it punishes you then you're doing it wrong
can't get much worse.
you gotta take control and punish IT!
nah it will just smell better
"punish the porcelain"
I have seen the other product but not this one, nor either of them actually on TV. Hilarious
hardly seems legit
is too-centrist a thing?
Just saw this #VIPoo commercial... Fantastic! Watch "Introducing V.I.Poo. The new pre-poo toilet spray" -
yup.
which we already have a fence in most places... Think Mexico will pay for it now? 😝
Go !
RT Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare, writes
is "prediabetes" just a sugar rush?
Keep telling yourself that
This isn't _exactly_ what I meant when I asked "how should you smoke an apple" but good to know
RT Trump should read the letter Bush Snr sent to Bill Clinton to understand what it means to be presidential
#rcjh #ku
RT This story should dominate the news until Trump is sworn in:
RT The importance of citizen developers
RT US policy requires agencies to release at least 20% of new custom code as #OSS -- hosted at
What a glorious game that was with Vaughn hitting the game winning trey #kubball
While true, both parties fail here and show no viable plan (or desire) to change
This is awesome - hope we don't see a reduction of this #opensource activity in the years to come
Sad day. #RIP
#devrel
RT I think as a society we all need to grab a lunch together &amp; just have a few laughs. So much more gets done once people relate…
(7/7) my question and thought here is this... Why didn't/doesn't any of this apply to him? How is that an example of leadership?
(6/7) "..in short, anything that might embarrass the President or you if he should choose you for a position in his administration."
(5/?) "...all aspects of your personal and professional life, including organization which you belong or once belonged;"
(4/?) Further down there's this... "You will be asked about possible conflicts of interest deriving from your sources of income;"
(3/?) "...Any conflicts must be remedied by divestiture, the creation of special trusts, and other actions."
(2/?) "Consideration is taken for possible conflicts of interest. Financial holdings and sources of income must be disclosed........"
Its interesting in Trump's Serve America page, that there's a section about "Conflict of interest" | (1/?)
Good article on #devrel and ROI
This is a wonderful closing take on #election2016 by Watch on YouTube -
I thought that was what we were doing
will do.
in addition DAPA has not become law, and is back to the lower court to revisit.
that article is an opinion piece, not a news article, offering up subjective analysis. I don't feel DAPA is actually terrible
I love you and am so proud of you and your passion for politics.
Today's Image of the Day: Commander Moonikin Campos Goes Sledding -
RT It's August, and you know what that means!?! Another great #DevOps KC Meetup! Join us Tue Aug 29 for "Policy languages, the S…
After almost 4 years since we last were together, shows up in STYLE #DevOpsDaysCHI
OH: And I had all the balls to myself
OH: Between socialism and communism, which one is the more extroverted?
OH: The view from the bathroom is so good!
Today's Image of the Day: Testing New Wheels for the Moon -
Today's Image of the Day: Testing New Wheels for Mars -
RT Does size matter when it comes to #DevOps teams? Our research shows that more #developers improve results until teams reach a…
If you're in the Bay Area, or want to travel there, I'll be speaking at #DeveloperWeek #CloudX next week, Tue Aug 15! And, you can get a FREE pass to the event! Just visit the link below, and I'll see you there!
Same, fuck soggy sandwiches
Hey this will be fun! Looking forward to seeing you both again.
As only something like that resides
"DRIVE-THRU, BREAKFAST AVAILABLE" I'm sold. Shall we?
I'd eat that. Hell, I'd consider doing it, with the right person 😉
RT and there will be many more like him now that there's a monetary incentive to get folks riled up
"I wasn't vouching for him when I gave him and his views publicity." What an asshat
RT The recent peculiar Alito WSJ editorial page interview puts him in more trouble than many appreciate. First, obviously,…
no one has taken away your right to own a gun. No one. And believe me I am not clouding anything nor defending anyone
if you're referring to the IRS profiling that wasn't Obama; and this "giving $ to illegals" argument is fascinating to me
This is why I am proud to vote. Thanks for a good monologue
Trump on the other hand breaks the 1st, 4th, 6th, and 14th at _least_ with his stated policies/platform.
only one is unconstitutional (denial of free speech) but would be subjective with the others in their validity
so which ones should they start with?
A little too ironic... I really do think
Am I the only one that thinks she was a bit tipsy here?
Or go home
definitely agree - the problem now is they think it'll get better when/if Drumpf repeals it.
oh I do - surprisingly
if only we lived in a "legalize" state then you wouldn't have to become addicted
there was only a 440K difference (positive for Gore) in 2000 - it's less now, but likely to change +/- as all votes come in
probably a good idea to just add that to the normal, morning vitamin routine
Here we have a repeat (in some respects) of 2000 when the winner of the popular vote lost due to not enough votes where it counted
And only time will tell how much this comes back to bite us
OK so maybe panic a little bit #Election2016 #ElectionNight
RT no matter how it ends, the fact that Donald Trump is halfway to 270 electoral votes is the most shameful moment in the hi…
Good read from on #opensource and #community building within a company
definitely not the US people
RT Don't dismiss your right to #Vote today bc the lines are long. Grab some headphones, a battery backup, listen to some musi…
I am in a state which will likely be the last to legalize in any form... So no worries here
Fair enough
sure... But... Bacon.
they made it clear last year I think it was that they weren't going to pursue those who grew or sold it legally in states
I don't know that we can be friends anymore.
So that's done. #Election2016
luckily their pipes are bigger than ours so it should be a quick process
well he is in Europe so his tub is likely small so he would need to do the butchering in stages
oh I don't mean to live... It looks like it needs a place to die and be converted to sustenance
Did you take it home?
“Don't Panic.” ― Douglas Adams #election2016
thanks mate.... We need it.
problem is her audience views her as a journalist and accurate - it matters to them. Unconvinced she knew what she was saying
does she though? She invalidates her "argument" by being ignorant on multiple levels
If you have any doubt about who some of the people supporting Trump are, watch this on YouTube - #nevertrump
Or both....
#Wrong
London is great for a few days and you can find some amazing hole in the wall places...
in all fairness he does use the best words
it's actually quite nice - even with #Brexit
on the flip side, it has seemed this entire election that Trump hasn't even read it...
that's what I have been saying... I think we need a petition for to take back America... #MakeAmericaBritishAgain
Built-in fire suppression
you can always appeal to to take us back
RT LeBron had a body like nothing we'd seen before. Josh Jackson has a mind like nothing we've seen before.
Dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy, and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty. -Plato
#THISISAPYRAMIDSCHEME that you too can be involved in. Guaranteed to make you giggle, snort, and grow a third nipple.
Anyone seen the campaign platform for Mr. Deez Nutz? Trying to decide on viable write-in candidates.
YES!
oh man! What do I get?
it's a tough one, but I seem to think it's an orange hand grenade with a bad haircut?
sounds like bots
dang it... Only one?
Let me see if I can guess which candidate said idiot is supporting....
RT They finally took away Donald Trump's Twitter account
RT No criminality in Clinton emails - FBI
no, he'll just whinge like a little child and blame everyone from babies to Martians
all while looking at others with squeaky carts in utter disdain
RT Pacamara Finca Los Planes El Salvador by Delicate, rich - 94 pts! Review: Shop:
And that's just these two candidates for President... #Election2016
#betatest wut?
that's probably one of the only places
I'm sorry..... 😎😁
Ubuntu 16.10 and I boot into it by default and then reboot to Win10 if I need
RT Why contribute to #opensource? "the best experience #developers can show in an interview."
I love my Lenovo Yoga 900 and it runs Linux and Win10 dual boot nicely
RT Congrats to the newest World Champions, the Chicago from the Kansas City Royals!
Congratulations to the !
RT If congress was your unbelievably shitty coworker — starring Chris Pine:
RT What do modern developers really need in tools and methodologies?
or the nice big space she had on her float to try and save him
as long as Rose doesn't let go
I see no reason why not
"Man, no one has ever thought about swiping to unlock something!"
"And there's totally no other app that has this same core UI design!"
Very helpful, and thorough, instructions in the bathroom
Actual conversation... Hey want to watch Dr. Strange in the UK before anyone in the US can? Me: Let me just give you this...
it's versatile
This is just a challenge
Vaseline. That is all.
check the usual hiding places
Communities are valuable for any #opensource endeavor
cheeky Scot you are
only when you're around mate
At a blues bar in Shoreditch... Not bad at all #theBluesBar
Congrats to for winning the Sony Xperia XA for his #droidconhack idea to address queue headaches
RT This man dressed up as his dog's favourite toy. His dog's response was tremendous
There is a drunk Gandalf the Grey in the bathroom deciding who shall pass and not (cc:
Great shots of London last night while walking around with
RT Some great ideas being put into action at #droidconUK Hackathon at #codenode
spending time with a coworker and then with
not this time. I am up to Norwich and then Manchester and out on Friday
I am in the UK until next Friday
doing well mate. Enjoying Droidcon
/me waves at
Watch "A Walk at #DroidConUK in 360 VR" on YouTube -
RT Day Two of #DroidconUK is about to begin.
RT Be sure to claim your prize in the #XDA raffle by 1500 #droidconUK time
Yes please... "The Best Turkish Kebab"
Watch "A Walk at #DroidConUK in 360 VR" on YouTube -
was it a good reply?
Well is the hero we need at #droidconUK, Captain or not
I believe that wears sunglasses at night #droidconUK
Spotted a wild at #droidconUK
RT The first #droidconUK winners of the VR Cardboard headset are: -2862 -2863 -2868 -2874 -2882 Visit the #XDA boo…
RT Fancy a new Honor phone? Check out booth to see what you could win! #droidconUK #mobile #android #games
RT The first winners of a case at #droidconUK are: -2784 -2799 -2800 -2839 -2844 Visit the #XDA booth befor…
So glad to be part of #DroidconUK again this year and speaking about #XDALabs
Ah... DOS... How I knew thee well #opensource
you got your double kill... #TWD
I need to watch my weight even more
yeah I need to watch my girlish figure
Getting my #Irnbru fix
RT "Keeping Track of Open Source Software Licenses" by via
I came out of a great time at #Babbq16 with a greater love for #opensource communities &amp; renewed excitement about helping build &amp; grow them
This is absolutely amazing and a rush of emotions at the end! Wow! Creativity at its finest!
I just don't see this happening given they recently bought DirectTV and the FCC wouldn't approve Sprint buying T-mobile
I just don't see this happening given they recently bought Dish TV and the FCC wouldn't approve Sprint buying T-mobile
"you sure you couldn't have taken me with you?"
Let's go Reds! #MUFC
Yeah it's interchangeable.. "{Great minds|Fools} seldom differ."
Yep, along with fools, they seldom differ
there's a difference between knowing... And showing... 😄
heh that was going to be another of my suggested captions
"Kids, here's a little story about that time I bought a shirt from a hobo and a guitar from a T-Rex"
"See, the smaller the instrument the bigger my hands look!"
"All teh small things.."
I like this technique with the extra jazz hands
Thanks to and his Pixel for a great team photo
Thanks and for all you've done for the community. So glad to have been around these last 5 years
oh yes. I have a nice collection now
A wild has appeared!
Gotta love going to conferences and not sitting down... I reached my 10k step goal and it's only 334p #Babbq16
don't do that - I'll take it off your hands mate #ShareTheLove
I'm ready #Babbq16
we can probably arrange something... It's too late now to cancel and find something new
yep. Now in DFW
So #DFW baggage claim has an issue
my pain is evidently your gain. You're welcome.
When you're on your way to the airport &amp; forget a major piece of the conference booth... Go home, only to get stopped by a train
Now that I have my I am ready to head to #BABBQ16
Meh... Why not....
Think of all the sleep, err I mean work, I could get done!!!
Oh this is so happening! #BearsvsBabies
also, was it everything you dreamed it could be? #helpfulbigbrother
wow... i guess you gotta have #goals! #helpfulbigbrother
I don't even know why I am so interested in this... Maybe it's to see if the hawk in our neighborhood likes it or not
Going to be another great event this year at #droidconUK
Only 9 days until #droidconUK!
this must be the voter fraud that Drumpf is referring to
might want to add "truth" and "reality" to the list
also is that a dead body or living? Asking for
how much do you charge for this service? Is there a premium service?
Oh how I wish I did...
thank you.
All of which are very important #encryption #privacy #security
Not one to usually do this, but my favorite hammock we use for camping is on Amazon's Lightning sale for $36 -
Nothing wrong with that
and guaranteed he's making bank
very nice! Congrats! What will you be doing for them?
Right so a good implementation of letting your amp be your amp
TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!!
what's the practicality of using this onstage in its current form? I play occasionally and use a Digitech RP500
OOOOHHH!!! This looks awesome #opensource
I wonder if will accept the privilege of accepting us back #MAGBA
At this point, forget Drumpf's MAGA hashtag... let's get #MAGBA trending #MakeAmericaGreatBritainAgain
just come over and i'll let my kids chase and tackle you
Great interview with #linux creator Linus #opensource
RT Hoping &amp; will speak to this question during tonight’s #WashUdebate2016 w/ &amp;
[2/2] "anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job." -Douglas Adams
[1/2] "It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.." -Douglas Adams
works nicely on my n5x but I use it when I have a short need not as general practice
Often I get this weird behavior on stock sms where group texts don't work... When that happens I use Textra.. Nice features too
I use Textra quite often
Yeah... Which is interesting, though there's one character in the TV show that isn't in the line up in the comics
wouldn't that just pass off a large % of #TWD audience... Can't wait for Oct 23
Leave it to the great state of Kansas to be one of the few to still support Drumpf....
Good read about misconceptions many companies and managers have about #remotework from -
What is this sorcery
yeah I haven't had a contract in years...
but I may get one after it has been our for awhile... We shall see
I bought one, then canceled the order am hour later... Missing some things I find important these days for that price...
The same fans who freaked out last year in the ALDS and threw trash on the field... #classact
Oh now this will come in handy! #Gitlab #gitpitch
Want. So. Much.
hah, well Halloween is fast approaching... So maybe there's hope for some fun hauntings
and yet those same people didn't want a new justice named until after the election...
For reference this is the book I was referring to by -
In my experience this couples with lack of transparency, which often comes from organizational silos, ala 's Silos book
Transparency is important in #opensource
dude when are you coming home?
Hmm... What can I sell to purchase this glorious piece of machinery?
close tie between El Guappo and Ned
In all fairness it's likely your Samsung phone about to explode
cool. I'll be right there
not saying any violation has occurred. Just wanted to look into the cool things they're doing and you mentioned they were open
But a beautiful one at that
Yeah, but is it a block or charge ?
RT Losing my mind at the umpire realizing that they're actually going to square up and immediately transitioning into a boxi…
Valarie is one of the greats! Gutted now that I wasn't there!
Yeah, looking back I was hoping we could have as well and it just didn't work out
That was months ago Tim. Next time though....
To close the loop, these turned out great! Did full smoke for 2hrs (~2hrs, and around 180F) and then 225F for another 2, and finished in an aluminum pan for ~30min.
You look like Freddy Krueger facefucked a topographical map of Utah
Maybe..
No idea. ¯⁠\⁠(⁠◉⁠‿⁠◉⁠)⁠/⁠¯ Not put a lot of thought or effort into it.
Good group!
RT No, I'm job hunting in 2023 with this kind of GitHub profile
RT Hire Ian
jQuery is a poor man's CGI-BIN
RT Hey MAGA, In 4 years, Donald Trump increased our national debt by $7.8 Trillion, he was the worst jobs president since th…
Having a BBQ with some friends this afternoon, so I decided to make some Country Style Pork Ribs, which is just a pork butt with the bone removed, sliced thick, rubbed, and smoked for ~4hrs @ 225F in the These have a mustard base w/ rub liberally applied
#MUFC likely got their asses handed to them during halftime as they've come out fast, strong, and precise. LFG!
While his line is a bit high, that's 100% Dalot's fault
no this is good conversation
how do you know it's #opensource if it's not posted?
I would say we're more lucky than you
Thank you to for sharing these great tips that I shall begin following!
where is their source? The thread doesn't seem to have it listed
I am not the phone guy... That's or
well then you're done. I've done all I can do here.
don't use Instagram and you'll be fine.
for what it is, the Moto G is a solid device
who are you again?
Wow.. 33 yrs ago I was just getting my PC-XT and didn't hear about #GNU and #opensource for a few more years after. Happy Birthday GNU!
I am searching for your tax returns and health report from your doctor.
What could go wrong?
#seemslegit - have you spoken with your gynecologist to take appropriate measures?
When you #remotework sometimes getting out of the house feels like this (image from
someone take it down?
RT Nation Not Sure Why They Expected More From Lester Holt #debates
#opensource #IoT competition with and
#opensource #xda
Man - less than a month to go to #BABBQ16
But the 22mil emails Bush lost is somehow OK... #doublestandard much?
Wait..We shouldn't want the truth? Shouldn't the moderators call him on his consistent untruths? Or is it you don't want it done on TV?
RT Unlocking cable boxes will bring creativity and competition to TV.
Some boneless ribeyes about to go in the smoker
RT "Open standards and #opensource are widely advocated in digital government."
#workingremotely has plenty of advantages for company and employee... Good to see this growing
Great showing #ManUtd
Close...
Monthly release right on schedule
This is what our immigration was founded on - "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses..." good job kid!
horrible. Simply horrible. But also clean. And horrible.
Ahh.. + 5ghz WiFi = Not too shabby home Internet speeds. Perfect for #workingremotely (
That horrible moment when reminds you to wash your hair
Getting some much needed reading done at with a cortada, a cup of coffee and the sounds of the 80s is perfect
This is awesome. I am making sure my daughter sees this.
Rocking the glasses
Very nice synopsis of what #opensource is - and for a good, traditional definition check out the from
that sounds like an interesting project - feel free to enter!
RT Do you have what it takes to win our IoT development challenge? Find out here:
Sure... Tougher screening. Makes sense. Problem is it seems his screening is if you're not WASP you're blacklisted
Oh how I need to see this right now
#nevertrump
They just want us to know and understand that he's not racist. Because, well, he says so. #nevertrump
blame #theNSA
that isn't the weekday I would choose to ignore
RT The good news is you're not paranoid for covering up your webcam. The bad news is you should cover up your webcam.
Perfect for my bloated days and my thin days
Definitely use for a great experience of buying and selling
RT EXCLUSIVE: Pixel Updates, Partition Changes, Dual Booting &amp; Seamless Custom ROM Updates
thanks for the clarification. Looking forward to it
wasn't supposed to have been debuting in October?
Giddy with excitement I am
#nevertrump
#SNOWDEN
RT “A lot of people are worried Hillary Clinton isn't healthy enough to be president &amp; a lot of people are worried that D…
the last truly open and amazing device HTC did... Also about the last device they engaged the community in
These bloody mosquitoes are trying to bite me through my shirt
So #Chipotle what you're saying is not everyone can be a winner? Not everyone gets a trophy?
that would be awesome. Name the time and place
Pot calling the kettle black? Is someone #blameshifting?
and I haven't seen #Sharknado4 yet but it's on the list.
it's spectacularly, terribly, awesome #Sharknado
Yes but is it in 140 characters or less?
POMEGRANATE
SPARK SPARK SPARK
FIRE FIRE FIRE
RT What're ya doing tonight? We're doing an early screening of SNOWDEN w/ a Q&amp;A — Tickets here:
MRW driver goes down my street and doesn't stop at my house to deliver my food #freakyfast #freakysad
TRUTH
Seal believes he can fly and touch the sky - that hasn't really helped him out much though
are you telling me HTC PR don't believe in their product?
my Nexus 5x on N is crazy smooth, but I too want a Pixel Phone #techneeds
those are perfect for your next public appearance
I will give Trump this much... He's a shrewd philanthropist, claiming other people's donations as his own
I'm thirsty now...
#GitLabLive turn off the mics during the video
Will you accelerate movement of features from EE to CE? #GitLabLive
Look! It's as the MC for the #GitLabLive Master Plan live stream! #opensource
And I'm back with the Nexus 5x after letting it dry out - PSA: Don't put your phone on a shelf with canning materials lying around #dunktank
RT Why Does Facebook Want Your Phone Number So Badly?
You mean there is bias in government/reporting?
I imagine they'll provide this with Trump's tax returns
It'll either be missing a power cord or keyboard, because #courage
The reality distortion filter with Trump supporters never ceases to amaze. If nothing to hide, release. #nevertrump
Had to go back to my S7 Edge (6.0.1) while my Nexus 5x (7.0) dries out - and geez the Samsung software is terrible in {n} world performance
did something like this when they had to recall the NVIDIA Shield Tablet
and they did - oh well
they've adjusted the price now it looks like... Let's see if they just don't ship it
yeah I just got one, hoping they don't adjust the price first
dang... Temporarily out of stock... But I bought one anyways and will cancel if need be
RT I'm sorry, and we're supposed to seriously debate Hillary's "deplorables" comment?
Eerily spot on... #nevertrump
You mean forcing accessory makers to pay a $4 licensing fee to make iPhone 7 accessories? #courage
RT Stephen Colbert, North Korean Law Breaker. #LSSCeasonTwo #LSSC
"Jeremy spoke in class today" - remember the first time I heard this I was mesmerized and then heard the back story
sounds like a jolly good time then mate
not sure if a short review of a pint or the latest mallet from your local Tesco
And this is why movies are such shambles as opposed to movies - continuity between characters
#September11
iPhone 6 - $350 Trade in for iPhone 7 - $0 Sell on Swappa - $800 Buy Real phone - $350 PROFIT $450!
Wouldn't be the first time though would it? Being chucked out the hotel AND building a campfire in a hotel...
So it seems the tried to deliver me a package and let me know they'll have to try again tomorrow - except they didn't even come by...
well there is next year's #MotD so if there's a campfire around... #courage
I thought this was just me - thought every campfire found me attractive and magnetic. Now I realize it wasn't me. :(
#courage = Drive thru sushi
RT We’ve got some exciting news...join us on 9/13 for #GitLabLive to find out what it is!
Well shoot... I guess I can take North Korea off the list of places to visit
that's showing so much #courage
#facepalm #courage
#Courage
A terrible way to lose a #Note7
already did.. Like an hour ago.
So they're padding their pockets even more and feeding off the sheeple's need to buy everything Apple regardless
yup - did a bit ago
Look at the getting all tech-fortune telling and stuff
or
lol yes. It's a Nexus 5x with your Sim card put in and correct APN
Terrible My #attwireless DLs are pretty consistent at 8MB to 12MB (not great) but my ULs are atrocious at &lt;1MB
you forgot "innovative"
Looking forward to #DroidconUK - last yr was great but I had bronchitis - not this year! (knock on wood)
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
you savage.
right before it pecks your eyes out
RT Safe drinking water is often a matter of life &amp; death. This organization's work brings it to those who need it most.
#seemslegit
After almost 40 yrs as a #Husker fan I was finally able to experience it last night. Awesome!
#TooManyArms is a real thing
Why?
#ForeverRoyal
I do agree with you. All depends on your use case
I believe I am mistaken. Lifelog interfaces with Fit to get steps but that is it. Otherwise it tracks ways you use your phone
umm my SW3 did if I recall correctly
you would only use it with a compatible activity tracker... Like a Smartband 2 or Smartwatch 3
if you bring it down to only what you want/need to track I think it is nice. Tracking the whole kitchen sink is worthless
sweet. How are we arranging this?
it likely will cut down on the number of gaffes... I actually said that with a straight face!
You don't say... Wait you have...
How kind of him. No one cares about his though. It's Trump's that need to be released but he's too scared
can I have the camping and hiking gear then?
Good to see the intramural football team is about ready to take a step up in divisions. Go #kufball
I bet he left before the collection plate passed around
After almost 40 yrs of being a fan, I'm finally at a game &amp; happy to share it w/ sister
First earthquake I can honestly say that I have felt before M5.6 - 14km NW of Pawnee, Oklahoma -
And looks to still be exposing the device's IMEI in plain text on OTA update checks
"Need" has nothing to do with it
I gotta say that's money well spent to cut out all the propaganda
RT "w/o #opensource #Facebook #Google #Amazon &amp; nearly every other modern tech company wouldn't exist." - htt…
Looks like suggested/predicted a Google Pixel phone months before anyone else reported on it...
yeah it gets complicated when you need to dump the body if it all goes wrong
yeah been on a few transatlantic flights where that has happened
I figured as much. Fun times.
I vote for #16 England or #3 Crowdsourcing #nevertrump
Really struggling to find the problem here - Is it that "Latinos for Trump" is a thing or the taco trucks warning?
learn from experience did you?
- he must have given Trump some good tequila to take the edge off
RT Takeaway: Trump injecting more hate/racism into our politics&amp;culture than any leader in recent memory. That legacy will end…
Me thinks it wasn't clear enough #nevertrump
RT TRUMP: There's crowds! Throngs, even! I'm a star! RYAN: Those are protests. People hate that you're there. TRUMP: Just like the…
RT Is there video yet of Trump, Sessions &amp; Giuliani performing "My Little Buttercup" for President Nieto?
RT My God, everything touches turns into an embarrassing, public dick-shrivel. He literally can't do anythi…
#StrangerThings Season 2. Definitely looking forward to this.
And said SoC when placed in a device will immediately be downgraded to the previous SoC
#opensource
Ready for a great night at tonight #ForeverRoyal
Spot on. I haven't listened to Rush in years, primarily because I grew up, but also due to this idiocy. #NeverTrump
RT suhide - hides systemless SuperSU from various apps - including Android Pay (for now, anyway) -
If they were Scottish pilots this likely wouldn't have been a story.
RT Watch Thor explain his 'Civil War' absence in this hilarious short
Whenever I discuss US health care with my Brit friends they are shocked at how much our health care sucks. Me too.
yep they're terrible parents
RT A mustache is like a duvet cover with even more crumbs in it.
Sure but was it good?
"You're making me beat up grass!" #AwesomeMovieQuotes #GotG
Or the Professional Bowlers Association
good point.. Wouldn't want the egg shells to end up as topping
How many processors do we account for in the flag when we 'make cake'? #Linux
Moss!
I've been using #Linux the last 20 yrs in one form or another, but daily as my main OS for the last 3-4 #opensource
. showing #ThatsWhatSpeedDo #ForeverRoyal
RT You know what they say, nothing runs like a Dyson! Mr. Zoombiya cleans up the mess by robbing a homer! #Royals #ThatsW…
can't we have both? Equal Opportunity
And this might be the one thing that Android users think Samsung should copy from Apple
Good article - and is becoming one of my favorite bands right now
He must have mouthed off like he is prone to do on occasion
And he calls Hillary crooked #NeverTrump #CrookedDrumpf
Even nature is embracing #linux, #GPLv2 and #opensource!
Linux kernel being #GPLv2 has also contributed to the rise of Android worldwide. #opensource has so many benefits
is it in certain apps? Or all of them?
"at certain interviews"? :P
hey look - just brought this up
absolutely no idea
As opposed to the (is it 500?) businesses he'll continue to run while President. #BlameShifting #NeverTrump
This is hardly news - Trump has said how he would give to politicians so they'd do what he wanted
Huawei actually has a bootloader unlock but not sure if just for their Kirin chip set or not
bootloader unlock? Not off the top of my head
maybe as part of your yoga routine?
RT 15 years ago today, Strong Bad checked his email for the first time.
#WellAccordingToMyDad we weren't born in a barn and aren't heating/cooling the neighborhood #GaffiganShow
The bestest of dad jokes Shar
Even my butt is capable of making an analogy
Congrats! I remember when we were discussing this awhile back, and happy to see it's happening for you!
Stop by and say Hi at our #DevOpsDaysCHI booth!
RT Psychologists have now discovered what causes homophobia It's 'being a moron'
The best way to describe my favourite conference every year. #Monktoberfest is an experience you want to be a part of
RT Why Open Source Matters via At a time when open source is under attack in a number of a…
RT talking to and apparently some people are under the impression that all of the sponsorships are gone…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Glimpses a Glitzy Galactic Cluster -
Yeah, "summer wave" I've heard. Hope you rest and symptoms are light so you can recover soon
RT 🎤 #CDMiniSummit 2023 Talk Continuous Delivery, high-performing engineering teams, and the Holy Grail Speaker:
RT Brevity is super valuable; can really pitch their value proposition more cleanly just by pointing…
Today's Image of the Day: Baghdad from the International Space Station -
"Poor at selling players"... Or.... is it a case of needing to offload players that shouldn't have been bought in the first place; who have been so mismanaged over the last decade that no one wants to buy them at any ROI for United because they were bought too damn high?
Gonna be at #DevOpsDaysCHI next week, who's joining me?
Great write up from using the CircleCI #opensource free plan with an IBM s390x machine runner!
RT This is the kind of brazen antisemitism that you see and hear from top Republicans these days. You can’t bothsides this st…
FFS Rubio. You know what you're tweeting isn't true at all. You also know full well that Russia interfered / hacked the 2016 election as your own committee stated in 2019. ( I'd say "give your balls a tug", but Donald Trump has owned them since 2016.
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’S SpaceX Crew-7 Members Prepare for Their Mission -
WTF ?
Even with this being satire, I find it hard to not just believe it.... #seemslegit
And this is the worst thing about Trump... He gave voice to the fomenting idiocy of the American underbelly
Meet Steve Bannon: the new vast right-wing conspirator who wants to take out both Clinton and Bush #NeverTrump
I envision him leaking on social media stuff from this briefing.. And Chris Christie is joining him? #lolwut
if you're not laughing after reading these 2 from something must be wrong and
RT Rudy's really losing it. Sad!
#ForeverRoyal #RallyMantisJr
RT Donald Trump calls for “Extreme Vetting” for immigrants. A standard that should be used for would-be presidents.
Me thinks that Giuliani has an issue with math or has lost his mind. 9/11 was in 2001, Obama became prez in 2/2009
And yet this joker can voice whatever lie he wants and it's OK. #NeverTrump #godzillaFacepalm
I now regret never house sitting earlier in life
Have the statute of limitations expired on this as an option If not how do we begin?
MRW telling the kids about quality music and Jimi Hendrix's "All Along the Watchtower" comes on the radio
GOALLLLLL! #MUFC
#RIP
Not sure how - I've seen your poker face
In all fairness they *did* finally air it...
Green Day is back! "Bang Bang" video here - via
Red Ribbon Nitro here at hits the spot on this hot day
#RIPJohnSaunders
I would have guessed the #GOP if you hadn't attached the photo
karma or something
RT That man was just worried he might have to ride in an elevator with Donald Trump so he took the suction cups instead.
Hard to see this as a conspiracy #NeverTrump
Get the gold #MichaelPhelps
If #3 below would be the natural consequence of #2, we would have less people choosing this idiot #NeverTrump
RT you need to watch this one. Samsung FRP Bypass universal.
I would say this is brilliant analysis from #NeverTrump
glad to have met you! Godspeed!
when I was there earlier this year it was my observation this was due to the potential need to exit the cab quickly
This guy just can't take criticism well... Reminds me of the childish "I know you are but what am I?" #NeverTrump
On the flip side, this new seasonal from makes it all better (
When you decide to work away from the office for the day only to forget your laptop power cord...
oh I know. I know.
well Rold Gold can kill. Devious little twits
then you would understand the seriousness of my statement
So am I - have you HAD a Philadelphia Pretzel?
are they made that way or are they just a product of their surroundings (wrappers)?
will your platform as President call for a Presidential Finding on the obvious predisposition of pretzels to kill?
enjoy home. Glad you had a safe trip
we're idiots here in Kansas. Just look at who we've elected Governor
yet a good, fresh pretzel from Philadelphia can save a man from death. What the world needs now is a hot, Philly pretzel.
#NeverTrump
RT 10 years ago: A 9-year-old named Katie Ledecky gets an autograph from Michael Phelps (Credit: Ledecky Family)
oh I like WalaWala just like anyone else don't get me wrong. A lot like QuikTrip's here
RT The Greatest Of All Time. #Phelps
Spot on from on Trump's (latest) ludicrous, reprehensible, and irresponsible statement
I had you at "free" didn't I?
yup. Of course.
And by a fair shot I don't mean exercising your 2nd Ammendment rights... #justsayin
but have you tried Sheetz? Maybe give it a fair shot?
My good friend might be tempted to switch now. What say you mate?
how much for a bag? Can't wait to try it tomorrow
RT Katie Ledecky wins Olympic gold in 200-meter freestyle
wouldn't necessarily say so given the other competitor's grand standing and attempting to get in Phelps's head last night
RT Michael Phelps wins Olympic gold in 200-meter butterfly
RT 20 Golds for Michael Phelps:
That Bear just ate him for dessert. #MichaelPhelps
likely bad luck. Reschedule all teh things
RT SOON
RT This is me when a release is almost done (yes I picked the font on purpose)
agreed
If he's including "twit" and "arse" then I can probably go along with this
RT PogBOOM is coming to Old Trafford. Welcome home to #FirstNeverFollows
This is awesome. Let's go #ManUtd #POGBACK
Awesome deal for all those camping nuts out there
This never gets old
RT Those who value the sanctity of life must consider the unnecessary loss of life caused by reckless foreign policy.
They question Drumpf's knowledge of, and belief in, the Constitution? Say it isn't so! #NeverTrump
you can thank for me sending this to you
You can tell me "Thank you" now.
"Sometimes you wonder who the baby is" #NeverTrump #TrumpVsTruth
The Truth just doesn't matter to Trump. #NeverTrump
Gives new meaning to "can you feel the burn!!!???"
This is a great way to check out the #coworking opportunities in #KansasCity
context never matters
Something not being considered racist when you were growing up in no way means they aren't racist. #smh #thatsracist
What's funny to me about the Trump #intervention news is that his "innermost circle of influential advisers" is comprised mostly of his kids
So Trumps allies are planning an #intervention - aren't those suposed to be like a surprise party? #NeverTrump
personally I would start checking for any new superpowers - you might be on the verge of a promising movie career
I think he's just nuts. On the other hand, I can't imagine a serious campaign team letting him say the things he does on social
I will have to check it out... Rarely listen to podcasts
yep thats about right with an occasional "Arggggh!"
if you look at his sentence structure and inability to speak coherently he might already have his own language ready to go
not that I recall
that's why we call it American English... We can make it anything we want
those words have never been spoken before I wager. Another fine bit of wordsmithing (that's a word) there mate
you're a modern marvel with the words mate. A wordsmith of the highest order
This guy has the temperament to lead us into nuclear war. #NeverTrump
I heard it said that all stop signs with white around them are not legal and thus not enforceable.
#NeverTrump
And we will have this election
but two equal one medium pizza so technically just one pizza
in all fairness what positive is there for them to write about him right now? Do they take a break on reporting on him?
#NeverTrump
Get your free copy and read it before Drumpf does! #NeverTrump #Constitution2Trump
RT Trump HAS made sacrifices! You know, like basic grammar. Or sentence coherence. Or words meaning things. #LSSC
RT Is anyone else getting whiplash from trying to keep up with Donald Trump’s, let’s say, “sentences?” #LSSC
Well done Duffy! #ForeverRoyal
Back when the #GOP hated draft dodgers &amp; used that as a major negative against Bill Clinton #ohtheirony #NeverTrump
#opensource
A major win for #opensource
For when you don't want to handle your dog's poop, there's Pooper | Your Dog's Poop in Someone Else's Hands. - #smh
maybe it's due to the old saying "don't point because more fingers are pointing back at you"?
I heavily applaud Sally Bradshaw's move here - more people need to follow if they want their beliefs to equal action
Hmm great point - I imagine Loompaland? If you think about it, it kinda makes sense. #NeverTrump
If Trump would just release his tax returns then I am suuuuure it would clear all of this up. #NotHoldingBreath
don't forget dancing around while hopping on one foot
it's good - what's up with you?
Well, since Fox News thrives on fear more than any other news outlet, makes sense they would fear a woman's opinion
RT Today's paper, an unintentional reminder to look at third party candidates like or
I agree with Senate Graham here.. #TheresAlwaysRoomForAFirst
Because why not? Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it. #MakesSenseItsTexas
The maniacal excitement of what I assume is the mother of these now scarred babies is disturbing #NeverTrump
It's because he loves the fish #trumpsacrifices
The Trump Transcript from 'This Week' Transcript - without watching his words alone should sink his campaign -
Let's hope that continues #trumpsacrifices #NeverTrump
Just waiting to be activated
RT I've always been known for making things look classier.
RT There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pra…
He is clearly misunderstanding quite a few tenets of the Constitution #NeverTrump
This is awesome and a great example of setting goals and commitment to making them a reality.
Yeah they just exterminated millions and did terrible experiments on children. #godzillaFacepalm #DumbDonald
RT These are two of the biggest applause lines from Hillary Clinton's speech tonight. #DemsInPhilly
Didn't take have to wait long
Good questions for both - neither are exempt. Only differentiation here is Bill isn't up for President
The eye chart at 3x zoom &amp; I can only read the 4th line down w/ both eyes open &amp; contacts in #needbinocularsorlasik
RT No matter your party, the decline of political culture apparent in the words "Clinton versus Trump" is the tragedy of our time…
While this is a hoax, it's become true in real life. #NeverTrump #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
now was that so hard? I see the wife has you trained
you shared it....
Yeah - no thanks. I prefer to get my protein the old fashion way - by eating the cockroaches. And are we sure that's "milk"?
It's on my list to start, but I have a feeling I'll binge watch it so need to find time for that #WhereIsMyMind #TimeIsTicking
sorry to hear it brother - you'll land on your feet!
RT Go ahead, justify this. #CharlesKinsey
Found the perfect spot in my new office for my Exploding TARDIS that…
I can't think of the last time I agreed with The Verge - but dadgum I think they hit the nail on the head here
An easy way to see the blatant plagiarism in Melania Trump's speech on #RNCinCLE #nevertrump
RT “We have to ensure journalists can investigate... even in areas where governments prefer they don’t,” said.
RT The technical write-up for the #iPhone snitch and I presented today
“I was thinking as long as I have my hands up, they’re not going to shoot me" - yeah that's not worked out well =(
#NEVERTRUMP
Absolutely. Felt Kasich was the type of moderate the nation needs. #RNCinCLE
Sad that the #GOP has completely lost track of itself #RNCinCLE
RT Casual reminder that Minions actively seek out the most evil being on the planet to serve
RT Tiffany Trump: 'In Private, My Father Has Never Banned All Muslims' #RNCinCLE
her "immigrant experience and love for America shone through in her speech" - wait you can be an immigrant AND love USA? #mindblown
I really don't find this surprising at all - would be surprised if he said it while playing with his MLP collection
Will the plagiarism never end?
Countdown to #Drumpf naming some people group or organization as the culprits - or Hilary #RNCinCLE
Likely because they set out to take Michelle Obama's speech and then modify it.. Or they don't have an original idea
RT Did Melania Trump plagiarize Michelle Obama at the #RNCinCLE?
#RNCinCLE #TheRealWorld
Dang it... Jar-Jar did it again #RNCinCLE
#RNCinCLE #RNCUshersInTheEndOfDays
#RNCinCLE when life imitates art...
Doing what Trump supporters seem to be inclined to do #RNCRacism #RNCinCLE
#RNCRacism #TheRacismIsStrongWithThisOne
RT I'd RT all the Christians who are outraged/disgusted/concerned by this RNC benediction, but it would take all night.
Rep Steve King is so racist it's sickening. And his "footprint of Christianity" began in the Middle East. #RNCRacism
#RNCinCLE #DownWithTrump
Of course they should block it - this is absolutely absurd which in Texas means ABSURD!
RT "Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started." #RNCinCLE
I wish I remembered all the #WLNP porting rules
RT What you're seeing at the Trumpvention in Cleveland is the OPPOSITE of #freedom. Is that what you want? Me neither! Vo…
RT Day brightener: Jimmy takes on Will Ferrell &amp; in this Lip Sync Battle!
Vote #DiddleySquat2016
RT If the GOP is so embarrassed by Trump that they can't publicly allow a roll call vote, then they damn well know what is…
I may have missed where the convention will be? Power &amp; Light? Leawood? Young's Pool?
RT #RNCinCLE
are you accepting bids for running mate, cabinet, etc yet? #DiddleySquat2016
#NeverDrumpf #RNCinCLE
This absolutely warms my heart - to see out there is inspiring - #1 and then #2
The GOP - the Grand ol' Party - has officially lost its way if they proceed with nominating Drumpf #NeverDrumpf #sad
What's unclear to me is were they on his property? He has no authority to challenge them/tell them to Stop, much less shoot
He's certainly on the right path with his 'stache - "Turkey's president says all he wants is same powers as Hitler"
oh not after watching #DrumpfPence on #60Minutes? Boring...
RT "I've made a huge mistake."
RT Proud of the new Wichita chief for making this happen
depends... What are you watching?
here this may help
RT An eighth-grader perfectly nailed what white privilege is with one poem
"The dead rising from the grave!... Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together... mass hysteria!" #MovieQuotesDescribing2016Election
#CheckPlease #ForeverRoyal
"There is no {name}, there is only Zuul" #MovieQuotes #MovieQuotesAsComebacks
Sounds delicious #tastycoffee
considering the Founders and the Statue of Liberty felt the same way I take that as a compliment.
who would they assimilate to be like? US was founded on the ability of people to be different and not the same
it's a tragic train of thought that all entrants to the US must assimilate - we aren't the Borg
they actually don't but i doubt we're going to get anywhere :D live long and prosper
Furthermore a good read on the legalities from Georgtown Law is here
Constitution inclusively refers to "peoples" as those residing legally in the US [2/3]
Constitution only excludes foreigners twice (voting and holding federal office) [1/3]
LOL no.. this is the context of my statement and nothing else -
RT If you don’t want to be tried by a DC jury, don’t get charged with crimes in DC
Yep! Community provides so much value if you value it!
Probably because it always seems to need charged when you're in the middle of using it
Congrats! Hopefully we'll meet up at one or ten!
Yup. This.
RT THIS. IS. NOT. A. SAD. DAY. FOR. AMERICA. A day when a criminal ex-President FINALLY faces charges for being a seditio…
When you gotta get comfortable... #Beagles
RT Donald Trump is the Republican front runner and extremely likely candidate for the very same office he has just been crim…
Happy 3rd Indictment Day to all who celebrate
Today's Image of the Day: Terra Observes Shark Bay, Australia -
OH: It's only KY Jelly if it comes from Kentucky, otherwise it's just jelly.
Fuck capitalism. That's all.
RT While success rate is an important metric for #developers to track, failed builds don't necessarily indicate major problems.…
Congrats Ashley! This is awesome!
Today's Image of the Day: Practicing for Orion’s Second Return -
What a cute floof!
After a ridiculous thread on fake "country music" stars who are too "woke" to be considered country music artists (ignoring a history of artists who were), this nincompoop has the nerve to drop this, which _obviously_ doesn't apply to his aforementioned examples.
I wonder if knows he's a laughingstock? 🤣
Mike Lindell has really gone (further) downhill...
Read where clearly states US Muslims. And the Bill of Rights applies to anyone in the US.
and defying the Constitution by making it law that anyone who holds a certain belief should be deported makes you an expert?
Oh ffs... hardly Constitutional. And you think they'll say they do? Playing right into the hands of the terrorists
I'm surprised it took this long... Also sounds like the beginning of a joke
that [forfended] quickly
I [forfend] in your general direction
RT . as fresh as his #ASG MVP trophy. #ASGportraits
that word... I do not think it means what you think it means #princessbridequoteftw
you must follow a lot of hipsters
Good guy doing that for
Yeah that was my thought as well - and I'm a 'Murican where Drumpf is popular.... #smh #condolences
The Stig as Foreign Minister?
The real question is if that alien liked the music or not? Different direction now? h/t
As cuddly as an Oompa Loompa
RT We should condemn violence against the police precisely as we condemn it against citizens, for in a free society, they are equ…
ahh come on... he's really just a cuddly... Dang it - couldn't say it with a straight face #DownWithDrumpf
A perfect example of what a Drumpf presidency would look like. Non-stop whinging and tantrums #DownWithDrumpf
Any Paterno supporters/defenders need to wake up - 30+ yrs knowing about child abuse &amp; doing nothing... #despicable
Watch Will Forte ( &amp; #JasonSudeikis - "I Can't Fight This Feeling...." Live #bigslickkc -
I did run across a fakelukewright account - and it took me awhile to notice they were different
RT Only Duncan, MJ &amp; Bird have all of these: •Wooden Award •NBA ROY •NBA MVP •NBA Finals MVP •NBA All-Star Game MVP
agreed
it's interesting that developed Pokemon Go after essentially user testing the core with Ingress
sounds like we should sync our schedules
what's the series start with? I will look for them
Powerful statement from Always side with righteousness and justice.
dude.. We were very near each other. and I were in that area (Steamboat, Yampa, Breckenridge, Leadville, etc) July 1-7
good book/series?
RT This year seems hellbent on teaching us that those who desire power the most deserve it the least.
I felt Kasich was the best nominee as we need a Moderate
Thank you , well said - #BLM #BlackLivesMatter
Family, Mobile tech, coffee #nerd
you could maybe start with not trying to trick people with your ads and auto-dl of malware -
RT Peace is the Message....."An eye for an eye leaves everybody blind"
Don't let hate and fear win
RT Dallas PD has good reputation. Excessive force complaints dropped 64% from '09 to '14 after "shift to de-escalation"
especially when video evidence looks to show him not involved.
RT Something people should understand nationally -- BLM &amp; Dallas PD have respect for each other. DPD was protecting marche…
RT Again.
In case you missed it, BlackBerry is still around
#IrnBru is delightful
Only in a Colorado bathroom... I present you, the long lost Colorado Rear Wolf #lostspeciesfound #seemslegit
Nomo Momo the Mosquito....
RT Will Forte ( &amp; Jason Sudeikis perform "Can't Fight This Feeling" for Studio 6B!
only the first row?
If true it's shrewd political maneuvering... I like it
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." -Winston Churchill
I don't know... Looks pretty essential don't you think ?
I'll join you
Prepping our Nature's Hangout hammocks for next week's 15th Anniversary trip with -
The referee said that he's had to send off someone for peeing at him as well... maybe the referee is the problem?
Ah it was Oasis's #Wonderwall - that bowling joint in Brum never knew what hit 'em
and we'll all end up at place for the after party
One of my favorite memories of #MotD15 is singing our lungs off together via your selfie stick - can't remember the song though
This is what I think a lot of people don't realize/think about.. Close the loop holes, NOT take away guns. #sensible
if can find room in the budget #DOH #facepalm
what will they complain about then?
Congrats to ARG - they've played effective, almost effortless keep away from the #usmnt all night. #USAvARG
So many times the ball has come to #usmnt Bradley &amp; he's been flat footed and looked like "why are you passing it to me?" then passes to ARG
Unbelievable - the first corner kick for #usmnt in the 68th minute. And Bradley delivers it as well as he's delivered passes all night
This is brilliant. Fart-ins for public policy change - why didn't I think about this?
RT UNBELIEVABLE!!! Thanks to everyone's support, #BigSlickKC raised a RECORD $1,348,438 for our kids! THANK YOU, #KC!!! ht…
I believe just recently rebuilt his.. M
RT Ashamed &amp; disgusted that the Senate works for the &amp; not the majority of Americans who support basic solutions to stop g…
#becauseKansas #godzillaFacepalm
YAWP it up mate. Beautiful scenery
Gotta say I am a bit shocked here... And applaud them for a step that has been a long time coming
looks like some weird stare-down contest, or race to who can finish first. May the odds be ever in your favor. #ShakeGames
Happy Father's Day to my dad who taught me how to tie a tie, shave (I have now forgotten), and how to love. -
RT I'd have respect for "Pro Lifers" if they were the leading proponents in the Gun Control movement. If they aren't, they are pos…
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
#BigSlickKC
Watching the livestream right now and seeing putting on a clinic. Not sure which one... But it's a clinic for sure
Watching the Celebrity Bowling Tournament on - #BigSlickKC
Oh yes. Awesome!
#BigSlickKC
I told the beagle she needed to move as I needed to make the bed.. #didntlisten #dontcare #beaglesmakeforlumpybeds
looks like you have about everything, except for clean undies and socks.
PSA: A billboard advertising "4 Free Cigars" and then showing Swisher Sweets as said cigars is not to be trusted
RT Tonight, we compare Clinton &amp; Trump's speeches and realize they have more in common than you’d... wait not at all, totall…
going to be awesome. Wish we were going.
on a serious note, your link for "LEARN TO CODE IN 2016" on points to
This is spectacular cc:
HI!
Last episode of S1 sure seemed like someone watched a marathon of Resident Evil then wrote the story line though there were hints throughout
Just finished S1 of #The100.. Not sure how I feel about it although it's a bit addictive &amp; I am a sucker for a good post-apocalyptic show
RT Nation Wishes It Could Just Once Be Reminded Of Preciousness Of Life Without Mass Shooting
When u ask your kids the movie they want to watch &amp; they respond with "Which Marvel movie is next in order?" you know you're doing it right
"*Nothing* goes over my head...! My reflexes are too fast, I would catch it." #InstantClassic #DontCallMeAThesaurus #GotG
there is always time for more coffee
Local pool - Haven for guessing the drunken night that led to design &amp; placement choice, not limited to male. female alone. #GuessingGame
wish you had an Android app
oh of course. Didn't take away from the deliciousness
this has got to be a sin punishable by flogging.. Putting Radler into a Bud Light glass
Words to live by for web developers
I can only aspire to be like you when I grow up you old sod. #ScottishLife #iamgoingtogopukenow
what's that say about you Scots? Especially Glaswegians?
oh I imagine the flavor to be a cross between chlorine and sun block. I didn't have the cajones to taste it
from the texture I would say Juicy Fruit or Wrigley's Doublemint
MRW I recline on the pool chair only to have my hands find the gum some snot-nosed kid/adult left
RT In the growing world of fitness tech, Aims to Create the Gym of the Future.. #vr #f…
Season 3, Episode 5 of is so painful to watch
Oh gotta love Texas.... Everything is big there... Including stupidity and racism
having your driving mate being Francis?
if didn't already have that idea for his next endeavor you've certainly empowered him
yeah that is much worse than me :P
hopefully in 8 years I will remember this moment and not repeat it
believe it or not that was actually the plan but I was far enough away and already on fumes... Just had a brain fart
That moment when you realize you just filled the vehicle up with gas that you are about to trade in....
agreed. Will you read it put loud for those who can't read though?
The have (as of right now) outscored their opponents, from the 7th inning on, 19-2 the last 4 games. Wow!
Can't wait to see in #DocSavage
is a little behind the times on his fridge recognition.. Reminded him of his middle school fridge.
Spectacular game. Two great comebacks in as many games. #ForeverRoyal
who wouldn't? Also, link please? Thanks! 😃
#CheckPlease
This is amazing!
NOT THE DORITOS!!!!!!
Brings new meaning to the question "can you lend me your ear?"
Me thinks I need to visit Scandinavia
Can America get in on that prenup?
RT RT for a chance to win a Men’s Ring from the WS Fan Collection! A great FATHER'S DAY Gift:
or you guys do custom skins for laptops? Have a Lenovo Yoga 900 that needs a skin
Anyone know of any good custom laptop skin companies out there?
The real question here is whether or not anyone will notice?
that's awesome!
well maybe click it first? See what your future looks like?
Maybe they're trying to compliment you? Though a "sex-transformer" sounds ominous...
#SayNoToDonald
Last night was awesome in my hammock. With my air pad, sleeping bag and bug net I slept great.
This hammock &amp; straps are getting their first full tryout tonight -
actually seems like April is a bit late to the party
we are that cool spot in the collective sweaty armpit of the world. Used to be known as New Jersey
fantastic voice over work on #ChickenLittle - one of my favorite animated movies
never underestimate the power of cheesy music
I hope he got an upgrade
well crap....
since you can't see what I am saying, prepare for a bunch of fart sounds
Morning.
seeing that here in a bit
this seems right down your alley. #OlderBrotherDatingAdvice
took a page out of Carnegie's playbook... "If you want to be enthusiastic you have to act enthusiastic!" Or it's the Snickers
perfect for cleaning. Get to it!
well no sense in opening that wound now - remember a positive attitude can do wonders
yep.... is fantastic
you can doooo eeeet!
you better get on that then... BUTTLE!
you doing OK now that #Castle is finally cancelled?
Something tells me we should start following the money with all these RNC bigwigs all of a sudden supporting #Drumpf
how's the cleaning coming along?
An upgrade from dialup on Alderon
This is a must-win night for on
that's right... Context is so overrated
Sadly I don't think this says much anymore
Good to know Nickelback is still low on that list... #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
This. So this. #TheMondaysAreReal
RT Tonight! If you thought watching Iron Man fight Captain America was fun, wait until you see Trump &amp; Paul Ryan. #CivilWar
lol well since I: 1) don't own a 10, and 2) don't intend on it I won't be testing. Good luck with your testing/use.
then how is the quality "out of the world" if you're not testing it? Problem is all of this is subjective and unscientific.
how are you testing this? Are you comparing side by side like I am sure is to make the comparison he is
it's that big? #twss
but... but... HTC said it was awesome! How is this possible?
Happy Mother's Day to hmbirdy, my amazing wife and teammate and…
Killing 2 birds with 1 stone: is it terrible? or is it an awesome skill? Asking for a friend
yup. Hope to visit the local butcher this week
oh very nice. Reminds me I need to smoke some meat
can we come stay with you?
about the only one these days
that's awesome mate! Their entire lineup is spectacular! If you're ever here I will take you on a tour topped off with free beer
that's spectacular stuff and brewed at my hometown brewery. Good to see is across the pond!
nice knowing you!
Kirsty Alley of course
Looking for volunteers to tell this joke at my funeral. Any takers?
power only goes back to the people if the people actually make it so... the people haven't voted that way in awhile
#seemsLegit
You gotta have goals.
Another #godzillaFacepalm from #Drumpf
RT Why I love and will miss Moffat. #DoctorWho
worse is when you're at a restaurant and the attendants ARE native English speakers and you feel like you're talking Klingon
sure... But said Governor hasn't seen a budget he understood or could make work. #BlindLeadingBlind
I say we hear him out... Couldn't be any worse than our current options for #president
a little preemptive wouldn't you say?
I see this going over really well with TSA
This has been an ongoing theory since the G1 - T-Mobile was also part of that theory at that time.
#dumbfounded that they actually get it....
two wrongs don't make a right, but two weirds could make an awesome...
Tim Burton directing Dumbo... I gotta say I like the sound of that
it was actually a lot better than I thought it was. Wasn't clear but wasn't this bad
I came home on Thursday so didn't see anything like this
Not his fault the deer had a death wish "Student hits a deer on his driving test... but still passes" - BBC Newsbeat
NO! I said I'll take it!
Lol I wasn't pining for a bone! But I'll take it 🤣
.... and on 5 different messaging platforms 😂🤣
Good to see the folks really devoting themselves to comprehensive testing
And exactly why we want to watch it
Nah, not surprising at all. Come to think of it - I don't know that I've spent time with the both of you together at the same time. 🤔It's always separate, due to work, travel, etc. 🤯
Wow! It's already been 8 years!?! Congrats you two!
I remove the sear plates when I'm not using them, and then put them in when I start the smoke (off to the side of course). I think they're worth it, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We will get us a solid steak. Too bad you won't be in KC for BBQ.
You just missed 'em
You missed one
And this was oh so good. 10/10 would recommend always doing a dry brine on steaks and searing at the end. 🤤
RT Elon Musk lies a lot. He lies about being a "utopian socialist." He lies about being a "free speech absolutist." He lies abou…
And after an hour on the smoker to 125F internal and then resting about 10min covered in tented foil, I seared them back in the smoker at 500F for about 1min each side and now they're resting before serving
After dry brining for 2 hrs, I pulled the two ribeyes out of the fridge, added some rub, and let them sit on the counter while the smoker heated to 225F, and now they're in for an hour or so
RT There is something the Church of England needs to truly reckon with amidst all of this discussion surrounding LGBT people…
Here's a nice write up on why "letting it get to room temperature" is a myth -
Dry brining in the fridge helps with the brining process as it dries out the outside. And since I'm smoking them, I won't be letting them get to room temperature beforehand. Instead I'll let them sit as long as it takes the smoker to get to 225F, helping them cook "low and slow"
Gonna smoke some 18oz ribeye steaks for dinner tonight. Started out by patting them dry and dry brining with a salt and pepper blend on top and into the fridge for a few hours.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Peers at a Tranquil Galaxy -
they're just a tough team to beat - good series
Make it Chicken &amp; Waffles / and I just might consider
Yeah - game has started out nicely so far
RT The Tor Project is looking for a strong writer/editor who is familiar with issues involving high tech freedom
That's a lot of good talent in just a few short months 😔😦😓
because he won't admit his policies have failed
Queue the plethora of "When Doves Cry" covers and tribute albums inevitably to come after the death of #Prince #RIP
I was there at the event. Beautiful car, and much further along than Faraday's
it was work with a few hours at the Great Wall. Also, Detroit survived a typical #Royals #NeverGiveUp rally.. Good game!
RT We debuted the evolution of our "Le Mobile" world check out the Le 2, Le 2 Pro, &amp; Le Max 2:
Saw this in person... Beautiful car
I am in China right now so it's morning
Game on!
starting off the karaoke night right -
In heaven @ Little Yunnan
RT . praised as if anything the blowhard says now changes the fact that he's a racist hate-mongeri…
This is why I have always plugged mine in over night - too many times had an app go apesh*t and burn battery overnight from 50%
there's always the next game 😉
#foreverRoyal
About to destroy some authentic Chinese dumplings and beer.
for a few days on prospective business and a mobile device release event
Not bad speeds in China over an VPN connection
you're the expert 😃
this is certainly an interesting way to end the show
Can't. Stop. Laughing. #IPSS
RT . declares today Don Cheadle Day! And declares himself "body double and a half".
Vladimir Putin has really let his personal hygiene go... He has however been working out
pics or it didn't happen
Luckily I haven't had to worry about this... helps out a lot
Hate it when this happens... On a lighter note, downsizing is easier this way.
And there would still be a lot of crooks... Probably would shoot too many innocents though
I would say because America desperately wants a moderate candidate/president, but I wouldn't call Sanders a moderate
And Congress should be required to disclose the contributors to their campaigns before each and every vote they make
Opening the door for specific features to be left out due to hardware / OS-version compatibility - makes sense
hopefully those OS updates for the M9 will include Sense 8 like was asking 👍👍
wonderful - app updates are important for the ecosystem. He's asking about OS updates however. App Updates != OS Updates
Put this museum down as a place I will not be visiting - via
. would view this as "competing" but there's no beating
is now advertising GigaPower for $70/mo with 1TB/mo cap ($10/50GB+) for 36mo on 12mo agreement. is $70/mo no caps
you're beating me... But then again I always forget about the app
is there a "Beer is my favorite liquid" badge? Because I think you've more than earned that one!
RT Copyleft for the next decade: a comprehensive plan #LibrePlanet #video #copyleft
Oh for goodness sake... :godzillaFacepalm:
McDonald's uses scrubs now? :mindblown:
but the grease just gets in your hair and all over your clothes
yeah flipping burgers at McDonald's is good to start with, but at some point you gotta aim higher.
you're such an orc
just embrace it and let your inner self shine!
RT Encryption fight gears up for its next round, as Senate "backdoor" bill text goes public.
Maybe he had to prove his sausage fingers aren't indicative of the size of his shoes?
#Drumpf thinks the rules are stacked against him... That's kind of what rules are for...
how long till the NCAA does the same? Source: NBA owners expected to pass rule allowing ads on jerseys -
Learn how to sit in a chair courtesy of
Rule #2 of The Establishment... "You don't talk about The Establishment"
Found her under a pillow on the bed, hoping we wouldn't notice and…
let's hope for their sake they actually figure out how to sell the phone
yes, but is it the HTC we want or the HTC we need? Will it make any difference? If this is the base device for the Nexus....
RT Feels good to be bad. WATCH the new trailer for #SuicideSquad, in theaters August 5th.
This is awesome - SF Josh Jackson, the nation's top uncommitted prospect, has announced for Kansas.
RT Just writing "mood" under an expressionless selfie only makes sense if your mood is "a little insecure + in need of validat…
They made that wrong.... It's "sisters"
hmm my kids play Minecraft via PS3 and Mobile... Maybe those don't have this?
you're doing it right... Also, how do you make coffee? 😉
Hey how's your doughnut at ? #goodtimes #healthychoices
take the bus tour... You can hop on and off and can see just about everything over a few hours
RT Take a risk. Get a reward.
Mr. Wasp decided to join us in the dining room for dinner this evening.
yeah these weren't under-18s (other than the two kids who were there)
For sure it was
RT That's probably the best championship game since 08 lol. Big 3 after big 3
#Funk
To the staff at Store #10823 - maybe be more concerned with taking, and fulfilling, orders than flirting with your friends
RT Wader...check please. #OpeningNight
RT Picking up where we left off! #Royals WIN! 🖐 #OpeningNight
Wade inbound! #ForeverRoyal
here you go! #Littlefoot
he's the only bright spot tonight for the Mets. They don't seem to have the fire that is needed to start a new year tonight
Well done Eddie! Way to get us started
#ForeverRoyal
And even better friends let that same lava coterize the stubs of the limbs they just cut off. #FriendsForever
oh that helps. Thanks. O.o
dang it.. Now I am hungry. Thanks
epic
I forgot how good this album was, and decided to listen to it while mowing the lawn... Finished in record time -
What size are your nuts?
yep! Give me a heads up :D. Travel safe
well fooey... Wish I had known!
I have lost count how many times has contributed to clinical depression
wait... You're in KC?
And so begins the #AprilFools
Can't help myself... I want one.
RT Coach Bill Self has been named National Coach of the Year by his peers ( #kubball
Amazing cover of a spectacular song
This absolutely made my day!
RT Court: People should expect "their cell phones will not be used as real-time tracking devices by law enforcement."
"I simply threw a pitch on the inside corner. Elevated.".... Sure inside corner/elevated, if that corner was directly over Escobar's head
This guy is a bit delusional me thinks... - Mets' Noah Syndergaard not sure what 'retaliation talk is all about'
Nope - it's not. Also, I am getting Google Fiber Phone seeing as I have Google
RT Featured: Swappa listing for LG V10 (Unlocked): $460
RT Wayne Selden Jr. declares for NBA Draft, leaves KU #kubball
. alright that's $200.
I got $100. Who's with me?
#WordsToLiveBy #SoundAdvice
ahh - so if you use the app the price starts at $4.95 - but they don't have the 128GB. Max is 64GB but they show the 128GB
I do.. somewhere in my pile of memorabilia that my wife calmly suggests on occasion i should sort through
Sounds awesome - what could go wrong?
#NeverTrump #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
RT Sometimes your friends don't like you to surprise piggyback them and yell, "ONWARDS MY STEED." Sometimes you need to get coole…
even as lawmakers want to make burner phones obsolete... Coincidence?
even skinomi has been an issue... Will you put them on for me? 😀
I can never apply these well enough
Does this mean they won't pay for the wall?
This makes too much sense for Drumpf to understand
election year... To be followed by another election in 2 years... Meanwhile....
well the gene pool almost got a bit cleaner
in all fairness he did just recently say this...
Word.
I know a few of these.... #DickFromTheInternet
RT Thank you for a place to call home. I love y'all. #rockchalk
RT I have grown so much as a player/person my 4 years here! Fell short but it was a honor to have KANSAS across my chest! Thank yo…
official explanation or not, it was a terrible call
thanks for the decades you have given #kubball !
RT Self: We've ridden Perry pretty hard the last 3 years and he's almost always delivered. ... this night doesn't taint his …
Will always miss Bob Davis #kubball
RT Self: Obviously we're very disappointed &amp; feel like we didn't play our best tonight but give Villanova credit. They had a…
Well said - thanks for all you've given to #kubball
RT Heartbreaking conclusion to an elite season #kubball
RT Tough loss for #KUbball but make no mistake about it, they lost to a damn good team tonight... Nova-OU will be very good.
#BlameObama
Agreed. #RockChalk
Couldn't say it better. Then they call it a player control foul, which is an offensive foul....
Lock down D and let's get this
hardly.... The bench hasn't played well. Traylor and Svi and Bragg were in for a bit but that's it
it just really started
RT NOW WE'RE TALKING #rockchalk
Now keep it up #kubball #MarchMadness
Not surprised if these are Trump supporters...
rightfully so as the officiating has been wildly inconsistent
RT LET'S GOOOO #kubball
Beak 'Em Hawks! #RockChalk
Seems just like yesterday at times. #Rose #DoctorWho
Rock Chalk, Jayhawk, KU!
. by selling phones?
I actually don't know
Yes! So much yes! New Blink-182 coming soon
I am on the last episode of season 1 and then will start season 2
struggling to understand why KU didn't shoot free throws there... They were already in the bonus before the foul
well it's still going from the episodes you've missed to this one
hard to say. You'll have to catch up
One of the most touching farewells I have ever seen in television. Well done #TheSpiesGoodbye
:kansasFacepalm: #DownWithBrownback - Seth Meyers Takes a Closer Look at the Disastrous Kansas Tax Cuts
are you coming into town?
this makes almost as much sense as wanting to flash factoryfs.img to zImage LOL #thosewerethedays #goodluck
Good to see devs exercising their right under GPLv2, let's see if fulfills theirs
So... A hot shower or bath?
RT Really disappointed in the force today.
Um.. Yes please!
RT Need a new-ish phone? Shop the best prices in the galaxy on #GalaxyS6 #GalaxyS7
I don't care that this kills my bracket... I love #MarchMadness - FINAL NCAA: (15) MTSU 90 vs (2) MSU 81
RT Kansas is a well-oiled machine. #MarchMadness
365 days ago I was on a plane to - gutted I won't be attending this year but send my well wishes to attendees #MotD2016
Gotta give a big DUH on this one. What's taken so long to come to this conclusion?
so you're going to believe him because he's not a politician? He's a proven liar full of hate speech.
so you actually believe what a politician is saying? He's not once given any policy specific, but racism, yes.
:facepalm: Trump won't put money in our pockets because he'll destroy the country and ruin world relations
Good to see with 2 massive dunks via ESPN - These certainly put the boom in the shakalaka. #RCJH #KU
RT Trump is the least American presidential frontrunner in my lifetime. He could care less abt values this country was fo…
I have no words....
RT
have the statute of limitations run out on our treason back in 1776? Too late to take us back? #DownWithTrump
A very good breakdown of a complex argument
RT #Anonymous
drink and ride responsibly my friend
RT N Preview: Surviving Your Trip To Mount Doom - root app devs should read -
Of course he isn't referring to himself or the European immigrants that ravaged and poisoned the indigenous here
#downwithTrump #DownWithRacism
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain #DownWithTrump #TrumpNoMore #DownWithRacism #NoFascists
I guess when you need to travel and have the runs you do what you…
Good run down of the best ways to make coffee. I prefer Chemex or Aeropress personally
#NeverTrump #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
Especially when he's flat out telling them to be violent... When will people wake up?
Me thinks they should update this as no one uses WinMo anymore, much…
If it looks like a racist and sounds like a racist, maybe you're just a racist following a racist. #DownWithTrump
#Big12MBB #RCJH Go KU!
RT What. A. Goal. Take a moment and watch Dom Dwyer break out his 🚀 launcher for
"..."I'm a great negotiator " - sounds like a Batman supervillain (via #DownWithTrump #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain #DownWithRacism
Trump bringing out the racists into the light... #downwithTrump
also a good pint (or 6)
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
And this is in no way scary... /sarcasm #downwithTrump
don't forget his request they "knock the crap out of" protesters &amp; vowing to pay for their legal fees should they face charges
They're just doing what he told them to - "Trump rally in Chicago postponed as protesters, supporters clash"
Either this or he was talking in his sleep and will wake up next week and go, "I'm ready for the first debate!"
prefer Tweetings myself
:godzillaFacepalm: there goes the idea that Ben Carson was actually intelligent 😕
Yum. That reminds me - it's breakfast time
RT Our #mobileVR partners are expanding their reach &amp; showcasing the advantages of being OS-agnostic
RT Ladies. Fellas. Please. Why can't we all be friends here?
Please go out and support my good friend in his participation in Qualcomm's DragonBoard 410c contest -
Gosh... That does bring back some memories
RT Please just save your money. Anyone charging you for a ‘how to get into &lt;tech&gt;’ course is SCAMMING you. Anyone who sa…
"Silky smooth"?
Dude, Hildebrand is an amazing dude and one of my faves. So glad you got to hang with him!
If you're in town for #DevOpsDaysCHI, or just in the Chicago area, join me at the Temporal happy hour!
RT Excited to host September's State of DevOps with &amp;
RT Thanks to all who came out Tue night for our July #DevOps KC Meetup, &amp; THANK YOU to for her great talk on "Getti…
Poll: Since my old account (posting generated tweets from my past tweets) got removed, and to make happy again, I'm putting out a poll on whether or not I should start this back up again. Guaranteed to make you go, "hmm wtf?". I also might ignore the results
I know is going to be sad about this, but my account evidently got shut down and removed sometime in the last month when I last checked if it was around, but didn't login (silly me) or make the necessary adjustments with the fucking API limits.... Poll 👇
Today's Image of the Day: Interns Flying High -
RT So say we all.
RT Continuous Delivery, high-performing engineering teams, and the Holy Grail Speaker: CD Mini Summit…
Just finally watched the Michael J. Fox documentary #Still, and I can't recommend it enough. Growing up in the 80s, I idolized him (even tried out his hairstyle), and so the documentary touched deeply and pulled on the emotions. Thank you to the for their work!
Yeah, was a bit tongue in cheek since quitting vim sucks 😂😜
Today's Image of the Day: Laguna Verde’s Turquoise Waters -
RT Some awesome people I know have been laid off recently! If you're hiring for: - mid/senior dev rel - mid/senior designers -…
VSCode constantly recommending I install the VIM extension is their way of making sure I never close VSCode. FML.
Recently saw this
RT As software engineers, we are descendants of the high priests of the sun god Ra. Perhaps I should explain...
with the right gloves they work nicely. I have a pair that allow the capacitive touch through the fingertips
that is beautiful - looks alot like the sunset I took last night!
it's like a bandage... Just do it quick
only way it gets better is if you get rid of the cat as it could do the same thing again. Gotta be sure it can't.
sign me up.
I just want to know.... Do you have brownies?
that needs to be a thing. I can see offering it
Great, crisp night for football (soccer for my American friends)…
With this, Deadpool, Civil War, Batman v Superman, X-Men, and I am probably missing a few, 2016 movie sales = insane
Thanks be to Brownback
true
they pay Federal taxes but can't vote in Federal elections... I would classify their bankrupt status line Kansas's
sure but they can't vote in Federal elections... but by golly they have to pay taxes like everyone else
Perfect for when you need to drop a Death Star
This is one of those movies that, when it comes on, I just have to watch no matter where it is in the movie.
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
This. So this.
there's a new web series - "Cases or Skins"
RT I will always be grateful to Nancy Reagan for her leadership on stem cells. Class, grace and guts. Rest in peace.
There's were spot on last night by - especially Eddie Murphy #SNL
they look great with a case on them
RT This just in: turns out coffee is a "cheap, ubiquitous, and well-tolerated" miracle drug says #science.
RT Seniors grateful for experiences at Kansas | From #kubball
#SNL just ran the most truthful Trump ad out there - #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain #RacistsForTrump
I'm a bit behind today... Must catch up
mint means the toasted LCD would have butter on it
It has worked well so far
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
someone is spending time on giphy
I demand a recount
you tied Ben Carson
I am assuming in his mind he was hoping they said "Heil Drumpf" afterwards.. While wearing white sheets and hoods
you must take your trusty light of the moon (aka LED headlamp)
heh life sucks sometimes.
was she expecting it to answer her and do all the work for her?
While nothing terribly damaging here, it does beg bigger questions about his donations and to what end #GOPDebate
Or a publicity stunt for the new Independence Day movie
RT Breaking: Ben Carson is still waiting to get introduced #GOPDebate
does Chris Wallace count?
RT If we all apologize nicely, is it possible we can get the UK to take us back?
. what do you have to say for yourself? #GOPDebate
Cruz's statement of "let the States decide" is the same argument used regarding racism. #GOPDebate
Cruz:"Donald, learn not to interrupt. It's not complicated. Count to ten Donald. Count to ten." Brilliant. #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain #GOPDebate
All of the people. Almost all of the people. Most of the people. #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
more and more I think about it, Donald == Kanye
Maybe his hair is who said he gets along with everyone #GOPDebate
I read somewhere that someone said something about me being really cool and they get along with me... I don't know where.. #GOPDebate
#GOPDebate
Donald Drumpf has plenty of answers..... #GOPDebate
Trump says he has never had his hands being commented on... But yet they've been talked about before and he's referenced it.. #delusional
RT While Apple fights the good fight, removes encryption as option from FireOS 5 |
This would be the same David Duke that Donald Drumpf said he did/didn't know... Racists of a feather flock together
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain and let's stop Trump
RT CF.lumen updated to v3.65 - - lots of bug fixes and performance improvements
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain - Watch "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Donald Trump (HBO)" on YouTube -
You'll like this
Let's go Hawks. Turn those 🤘 upside down
Looking forward to #io16 this year - here's hoping I can make it.
that would technically be not doing - so you're following the idea
Quite possible it's a Carolina Wren or Kakapo
maybe if they weren't 50% more expensive than their immediate desktop VR rivals.... They're not a premium brand anymore!
RT Our #OwnPush website ( GitHub ( and Demos ( ar…
This is absolutely spot on. John Oliver is spectacular in his analysis of Trump the Buffoon.
Youngsters impressive for with Rooney out, bringing healthy enthusiasm to the pitch! #mufc
Rock, Chalk, Jayhawk - KU! XII Straight Conference championships
RT Jayhawks looking to make it a dozen Big 12 titles in a row | From #kubball
Yes he did and yet the racists and mysoginists in America keep showing their true colors in supporting this idiot
RT Watch the moment Donald Trump's hypocrisy on gay marriage was exposed
RT Report: Getting Out Of Bed In Morning Sharply Increases Risk Of Things Getting Even Worse
it's those dang online quizzes you take
yes, but your desk looks relatively clean.
RT Scientists Warn All Plant Life Dying Within 30-Yard Radius Of Ted Cruz Campaign Signs
Test your knowledge of stupid sayings with Who Said It: Donald Trump Or Michael Scott?
great story mate!
his citation would be something Trump will have said which would have been without proper citation itself
I love how tries to turn it around and deflect from the obvious racism of Trump.
great breakdown of Trump's idiocy. Problem is his followers will easily dismiss as liberal attempts to discredit their guy
so just like him?
I found the supplier for your next Fun With Flags episode
what did Bono do this time?
I love Kansas City. Great job #BigSlickKC
late to the party huh?
I'm confused... Is Bieber in drag?
Absolutely spot on. Anything done out of fear is destined to be problematic and damaging
I love my sister and her athletic goals
This.
RT Delete your account.
RT can we boycott trump instead
Anyone who supports this lunatic, I really gotta question your compass. Enough is enough. #DownWithTrump
Congrats to on winning!
Said Kanye never....
RT Poll: How do you feel about your data #security and #privacy in 2016? -
Um.. :facepalm:
So this cappuccino was so amazing I drank it so fast…
there is quite an overload at the moment
the movie is awesome.
yeah overall the device is really nice but I just haven't used it much
Happening right now - #Deadpool
yeah it's a bit strange as I don't think the "feature" on the V10 was that interesting
pretty much sums it up
Episode 9 was intense... Got to be one of my favorite episodes of all time.
RT Glenn is the number one cause of stress for fans of #TheWalkingDead. Like, they should make a pill to deal with it
One of the main reasons 99% of dark-roasted coffee sucks... Process sucks out all the oils
. you should start your own reality dating show. No reason you should be single all these years.
To fill the time between ridiculousness, The Verge provides a cow review..... 😑🐄🐂because reasons
I was lucky to understand any bit of what he said with that terrible auto tune... That should be banned. Learn to sing
Damage control much?
yep... You know what also came to Studio 8H? The "N" word... At least 5 times
So on Kanye has dropped the "N" word at least 5 times in his first performance - how is that acceptable for anyone today?
Guaranteed I will read this article by - #SayNoToDonald
hopefully him replying YES for how to lower his rates didn't cost him $0.50
😜
can't be often you're called "with it"...
deal. It was good sitting next to today.
you do that
and you didn't let me know you were in town? Shame shame Lucas. would have been perfect to meet up at
. Oh I shall - had to leave and drive away to my real office, so couldn't partake in anything this time. But next time....
. has an impressive selection of non coffee beverages. Did I already mention I should move my office?
Fantastic blueberry pastry, chemex of an Ethiopian coffee, and a cortada at this morning. Might need to relocate my office
Queue here in the grocery aisle... #hotpockets #limitededition
RT Huh?
RT From one Red Devil to another. Old Trafford is never going to be the same.
Can. Not. Wait. #deadpoolmovie
Lady Helen Mirren's #SB50 shaming of drunk drivers was spot on -
Gotta say watching this from Cam dropped him a bit in my book. You gotta leave it all out on the field.
Happy birthday again -
Happy birthday -
sorry I missed you.
Looking good up there as a judge at #uscc2016
Certainly seems like grasping for straws after brand is imploding
Drove by this today - it looks awesome! #salvysplash #ForeverRoyal
When your daughter picks good, strong characters for a hero, 👍
Rock Chalk Jayhawk, Go KU! Final/OT: KU 90 UK 84. KU: W Selden Jr. 33pts, 3reb, 0ast #RockChalk
in case I am sending a message to the wrong place for "Friday Mail"
that song by Iggy Pop you're playing is terrible. "Gardenia" is running away
wife and I did the Highlands in late September and it was beautiful/perfect
I would vote for Darth Vader because of his amazing hair, and I hear he gives his subjects twinkies!
Kansas City represents with both and in The Best Places For Coffee In Every State -
"if I lay real still they won't notice me and will forget I am here…
wish I could make it guys, but there's always next year!
55" - cc:
As effective a recruiting slogan as there ever was
Not surprised, but WOW. He's had a great run and I can't wait for Series 10 of #DoctorWho
I am actually completely OK with this.
don't sell them short....
yep. But what are the Democrat choices in comparison? #theyallsuck #politiciansforthelulz
I have had this 4K LeTV for just over a month now and I have to say I am impressed. good work so far
NFL has continued to prove their incompetence -
used those flavor wheels all the time when we had our shop
RT Haven’t seen on TV in a few milliseconds... hope he’s okay. #LSSC
hmm I didn't see that survey, though I don't hate I just don't do #legday
RT No, those fake ESPN stories about Tom Brady and J.J. Watt doing drugs aren't real:
Hey! I see myself &amp; quite a few mates in there! Wish I was going this year but you should really check #Motd2016 out
RT zomg, our BFFs at have expanded into VR! It's still early, so if you have a Vive or Oculus to sell, list it! htt…
agreed.
RT FYI, I couldn't get CVE-2016-0728 to give me root on a Note4. So much for 66% of Android devices being vulnerable, eh? (Y…
I have seen this on mine - usually on my main gmail account, like Doze is stepping in
RT Suicide Squad has the best image-to-music editing I've probably ever seen in a trailer. Wish more trailers did fun stuff like t…
my oldest gets to see this for the first time soon.
exactly why I don't go to the gym, for fear of leaving something at home
at the very least.
good form
but did they have frosting on them?
To the woman who decided to yawn really big while driving past, Yes, that is a cavity on your back molar &amp; u should really get it looked at
a win is a win. We'll take it
Overall a good match played on the pitch today - let's keep this turnaround going #MUFC
neither were the fans it seemed while watching on TV, the quietest I have heard them in awhile
RT “It is my opinion that a story worth reading only in childhood is not worth reading even then.” ~ #CSLewis
Spectacular job - you make us proud by not giving up
RT In case you dont know what this FRP is all about then check out this post please RT if you find it h…
yep that sounds delicious. I've been smoking some awesome stuff since the week before Christmas.
yes they do, and with my new smoker I am joining the real men parade this year
RT Alan Rickman on helium will help you remember his amazing sense of humour
Oh I know the feeling.
or.. Put a TV near where you brew beer. Two birds, one stone.
RT They're focused in. #KCvsNE #BeatNewEngland
s/ones that want a good burrito &amp; not to get sick from it/those who don't live on the edge to lose weight from eating a 10# burrito/
and then close on the 10th for "how to deal with picky consumers"
This will ensure that their employees know that e.coli is NOT considered a responsibly raised ingredient
RT It's our very own leading the trivia!
So, I guess my future husband's name is, "Rodney". You can all start saving up for the wedding registry. #bridezilla
Really? You think? - "White House says North Korea's H-bomb may be fake
RT Are you a journalist, would you like to hear me talk about mobile backdoors? Will your job cover my bar tab?
RT #RobotWars is back you say? BRING. IT. ON!
spoilsport
Thank you for letting me know where on the wing I can and cannot walk
RT Why Ricky Gervais’s outrageous comments were totally right
yeah but doesn't that just take away from what made Twitter what it is? We don't need another blog platform, plus who will read?
This could actually be really good, or really bad. What comes to mind is #GrossPointeBlank
And here we have a perfect example of the referees influencing the outcome of a game. This is absolutely ridiculous.
I wish, but sadly no
RT Howdie. I started an Atlanta based meetup for folks investigating platform engineering. The inaugural event is set for…
HELLO FRIENDS!!!
RT One of the best parts of my job is getting to talk with Ron Powell. Join us Thursday for a discussion around what trends
Today's Image of the Day: NASA, Industry Partners Unveil Hybrid Electric Aircraft Paint Schemes -
If I get more I'll let you know
Today's Image of the Day: A Wildflower Close-Up -
RT Full video playlist now available at
I love these BTS threads, and this one is no different. Saving Private Ryan never fails to evoke emotion throughout the film, and is one of my favourite WW2 films.
I have 3 blue app invite codes if anyone who follows me wants an alternative to this shit show
Same for me! Different bread of the sandwich though
I smell a podcast
RT I was laid off from Twitter today. I was the designer in charge of our new rebranding to X. I learned so much in my 2.5…
Mephibosheth Morpheus Megalodon Mike
Love you man. Sorry things have been rough. 🧸💙
Of course! Blue is the bestest!
RT If Texas Republicans are shutting down diversity departments in all of their universities because “they do not contribute…
RT Slaves could not own property. Slaves could not keep their children Slaves could not have money Slaves were cattle There…
Looking forward to participating in the #ContinuousDelivery Mini Summit as part of #OSSummit Europe in less than 2 months! Hope to see you there!
RT Twitter X
#RIPDavidBowie
RT The remain UNDEFEATED since the won the World Series.
Good. As much as I would love to see the stuff that got cut, I am happy he's holding his ground.
RT BREAKING: Brian Hoyer's winning Powerball ticket intercepted by Chiefs defense.
#foreverRoyal
RT Good thing Brian Hoyer didn't have to throw that challenge flag or it would have wound up landing on the Chiefs sidelin…
RT Absolutely love Paul Scholes as a pundit. Talks like he played - cold, savage, furious, deadly.
he's got to get it where he can get it.
Preposterous and wrong that Rey isn't represented well
RT Tickets are now on sale for #Motd2016 - Who would you most like to see there?
Go, go #ionvr
RT Yes, it's okay to watch this moment on repeat today:
Check out my childhood friend 's new movie - ‘Trust Fund’ | The Kansas City Star -
RT IonVR has partnered with Intel and Project Tango for the most immersive VR yet -
Well lookie here... My 4K TV is getting an update! First time I have seen one of my TVs get one
RT You are in for some great surprises Drop by booth #81533 at Eureka Park for the ultimate #VR experience…
IonVR and Intel create first untethered Six-Degrees-of-Freedom VR experience on mobile platform #CES2016
I can sing anything from Oasis
Good move - Welcome back Gordo! - MLB: Alex Gordon agrees to re-sign with Royals for 4-year deal
looks awesome! Any chance of getting ahold of one? 🎁
RT #nononsense pricing for a great valued phone. The honor 5X
RT New franco.Kernel version for the Nexus 5X
I think I have a thing for tea...
Evidently they missed the section in the *Domestic Terrorism Planning Guide* entitled _Don't Forget the Snacks!_
Wow what a game! Shout out to both teams and to an amazing performance from OU's Hield. Final/3OT: KU 109 OKLA 106.
RT FINAL: KU beats OU 109-106 in 3OT. Amazing game. #kubball
RT Will the real #1 please stand up. ☝🏾️🔴🔵
that sucks mate
well given this is only day 2, it can only get better
you forgot the "rooster angel"
First attempt at beef jerky is about to go in the smoker
RT Celebrating the New Year by turning Alderaan into fireworks! (If it's any consolation to the residents of Alderaan it will…
RT Was planning to spend a quiet new year on my own. Then the lightsaber retrieval gang showed up at my place. #TheForceAwa…
that makes two of us... I wish they had an Android app
any plans to release this awesome app on Android?
that's Emperor Ming The Merciless to you mate
Introducing our kids to the cinematic masterpiece that is Flash Gordon. If you don't hear from me again, our kids rose up in mutiny.
Why did I not find out about these before Christmas ?
Billy Goat's Gruff ftw
in this day and age why ship a Full HD monitor with no HDMI ports?
RT This new Radiohead song is gorgeous
RT Don’t forget, the Doctor still does house calls at Christmas! #DoctorWho BBC1 5.15pm.
My day officially has begun at and coffee for the next few days is set from
ah those were the days. Brings back memories.
you should add auto-renewal of services - because, you know - your billing system already has "Automatic Payment Method" as an option
You can thank me later. #HaveYourselfAVeryMerryGoatMas
heh I saw it again but in 2D. Glad you enjoyed it!
Just heard a radio commercial for a drug to help someone with "shift-work disorder"... Really?
RT A complete guide to all the new Star Wars canon that leads up to The Force Awakens
It's PSA's like this that I am sure would have reduced teen drug use in the 80s... And increased it in the 90s
RT "I worry that is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended cons…
RT Sanders unexpectedly more credible on foreign policy than OM and Clinton, who repeat conventional wisdom that failed for a dec…
I'm not taking this anywhere except to my stomach
Honey Glazed Orange Smoked Chicken.…
I have an extra NVIDIA SHIELD TV REMOTE that I don't need if someone wants to buy it.
RT Weird that it’s still legal to like your own tweets.
yeah but even more shocking was the wookie/yoda love child
totally appreciated that they kept the character dynamics without it feeling forced #nospoilers
Ahh yeah that can leave someone a bit at a loss
enjoyed is putting it lightly. Amazing experience and one I was so glad our whole family could partake in together
Wow
Showtime
33 minutes........ #TheForceAwakens
not sure whether to say "Awesome!" or "Yikes!". Only thing better is probably hearing a campfire of boy scouts singing it
The Rock vs. Stone Cold was by far my favorite feud of all time. So hard to pick who to cheer for between them
#TheForceAwakens T-minus 2 hrs and 8 minutes.
RT Aerospace Engineers Warn First-Grader’s Design For Spaceship Completely Unsafe
Just turned the less than 5 hr mark... And now I have all 4 of these #TheForceAwakens
10 hrs, 57 minutes.... #TheForceAwakens CLOCK - Y U NO GO FASTER???????!!!!!!
RT Will Ferrell is the new Santa Claus! 🎅 #FallonTonight
21 hrs and counting... Can't get here fast enough #TheForceAwakens
Wow. Disturbed covered "The Sound Of Silence" and it's amazing. Even without the music video it's just wow.
Bottom Round Roast and Italian Bratwurst just out of the new smoker.…
RT Microsoft Office Excel users vulnerable to ZDI-15-639, a Remote Code Execution #zeroday #pleasepa…
RT Tech Table: Connected Car: For our second edition of Tech Table Live, we join Chris George of Vinli and two p...
it's how we talk to thieves cc:
and also why customers hate buying devices with more bloatware than the average number of twits at Walmart on Black Friday
This is for my two youngest sisters and who I am sure have strong feelings on the matter
76 hours, 27 minutes. But who's counting? #thisguy #TheForceAwakens
"early next year" gives HTC 6 months at least. So who wants to place bets on which Q actually releases M for the A9?
105 hours for us... Not that I am counting though, but I am struggling to contain my giddyness
Finally got my device yesterday. Can't wait to start messing around with it in my car! #connectedcar
#dumptrump - GOP set the stage for Trump. Now it’s time to disavow his racism and xenophobia. | CREDO Action -
If only Trump would adjust his hair piece he might hear this - “Let’s not let fear defeat our values”
I got all 4
yep. Hard not to when we use our old tactics
no talking about exactly what we want them to do. Easier to identify where the ants come from / go to when you plug a hole
If this happens, then I am voting for Palpatine. What could go wrong? #Palpatine2016 #PalpatineForPrez
or its exactly what they wanted to happen. Watch where the traffic changes to in order to zero in.
RT Spiking your egg nog actually makes it safer to drink:
A delicious Cortada to start the day at . Doesn't get much better
As if I wasn't already stoked for this.... new Chinese trailer has crazy new footage - via
he is an actual person, and his hair piece is as well. :-/ :-\
Thanks to Zobrist for all he did for the this year. Wish him luck with the Cubs! -
you should look to your right at
As much as I am not a fan of Prince, his cover of Radiohead's "Creep" is absolutely amazing and emotional and wow -
you liked your own video? Way to go viral! :-P
RT CNN Holds Morning Meeting To Decide What Viewers Should Panic About For Rest Of Day
always playing a great variety - "Next episode" by Dr. Dre - #listenlonger
- watching #TheGrinder from the beginning.. "looked at me with the Donner Party look in their eyes" - brilliant line. Will use it
I wonder if that's how HTC does their marketing on their One series?
This, so this.
RT Voted best independent film ever by Empire Magazine.
RT 6 wins in a row for the
they're even tougher to want to keep. Now you know HTC's struggle.
RT Is there a clinical term for the annual feeling of rejection you get when nobody buys you a luxury car with a big bow o…
RT
or hate to love the Raiders? Is that better?
Tree is almost done. #ohchristmastreeohchristmastree…
The first Stone Temple Pilots song I learned to play on the guitar #RIP #ScottWeiland Interstate Love Song by STP -
Apropos for the passing of one of the greatest front men we've ever seen #RIP - Fall To Pieces by Velvet Revolver -
that would mean the NCAA is logical and in the best interest of student athletes (actually said that with a straight face)
#GoRoyals
RT New Study Finds Human Beings Were Never Meant To Wake Up From Sleep
You just gotta love the enthusiasm (and creativity) from the players on the Monmouth men's basketball bench -
Someone's wanting some attention. #beagle #snuggledog
No longer do you need to use your coworkers (or boss)....
Absolutely brilliant episode of tonight - Mashable 'Doctor Who' Episode 11 review: Death becomes him.
rules! RT Wow, I recommend using to sell your phones. Posted mine last night &amp; it sold about an hour later
That's great, but who handles customer service?
which is the title of your second tape
fantastic.
have tickets with the family for the night before!
Can. Not. Wait.
gotta love the keyboard warriors -
probably - we shall see
just another day in the neighborhood... ☺
RT This AeroPress Recipe Won The Japan Brewers Cup
all those bitters brings back memories of #motd15
RT If banning encryption would stop terrorists using it, why don’t they just make terrorism illegal and be done with it?
#truth
ping me tomorrow, I have one
On the list of things to try tomorrow. #explodingkittens #gottahavegoals
Yep. Pretty much. #thanksgiving
RT Who wants to go to the #WorldSeries Film Premiere tonight? Retweet this and you could win tickets!
. really? "Thanksgetting??" #poortaste #corporategreed #despicableyou
Mexican omelet for breakfast
But... But...
RT Congrats to Lorenzo Cain on an amazing year!
That must be some hidden text in Jesus's summation of the 10 Commandments.. "love God" and "love your neighbor" #doh
to which I would immediately feel judged by said Starbucks Batista 😑
and it's quite obvious that the lack of smarts are a bipartisan issue, not a partisan one.
exactly my point. Jihadists are Muslims, but Muslims are not Jihadists. Christian nations struggle with extremists as well
Eugenics, the Holocaust, and countless other atrocities over the centuries were all proclaimed to be Biblically mandated.
probably the Koran. Your argument still doesn't hold water because the Westboro-ites hold Bibles.
nor can you compare that every Muslim community is full of suicide vests. There are extremists in every group.
just as the extremists at Westboro have nothing to do with Christianity. Christianity has its own poor history with extremism
so what changed from before Paris? The assumption that an entire people group are by default set to cause harm is fear
the left's rhetoric on Syrian refugees? #context
President Obama is right on here - the rhetoric from these nincompoops needs to, MUST stop. It breeds fear and hate.
#TheProblemIsReal
Nothing says awesome Tuesday night with the kids like Nacho Libre
Wouldn't it be nice if our Congressmen/women were required to, you know, READ the Constitution once a year at least?
has nailed it. We as a country have the obligation to care for the fatherless, the widow, the orphan.
Say "hello" to enhanced motion sickness!
not sure mate. A lot to figure out
RT Anonymous goes to war with ISIS over Paris attacks
Fantastic time last year at - Here's to hoping #Motd2016 works out for me this year
because having a iPad Pro that doesn't do desktop mode isn't compromising at all
wow that's a great throwback to days gone by
RT Anonymous declares total war on ISIS following Paris terror attacks
RT PSA: Google Engineer is strongly advising you to not use USB-C Accessories from -
RT Ask and you shall receive: Xposed for Marshmallow is Here! -
i'll take it. A birthday present that keeps on giving
thanks. And smack for me as a birthday present
RT More progress. The is now running on it's own power this morning. #DowntownKC
I am assuming as long as it's deep fat fried and smothered in chocolate
Finally KC is getting real public transportation
cheers!
it won't be for nothing... You'll have to spend some money, but I appreciate you thinking of me
thanks mate! Couldn't ask for a better set of descriptors!
thanks guys, but I am not at the 😄
RT Happy Veterans Day! We salute your service!
RT Captain Insano shows no mercy!
Tonight's has a great monologue on peace, the fallacy and pitfalls of utopia, and the power of forgiveness by The Doctor
RT NCAA continues to embarrass itself over Cheick Diallo matter: Worse, NCAA process mistreats student-a…
RT At some point in 2015 postseason games, KC had win probabilities of: 18% 1% 25% 8% 10% 16% 5% KC won all 7 of those gam…
RT What a time to be a #Royals fan! #RoyalsParade
RT The trophy is right where it belongs. #Crowned
RT To call it a mic drop would be an understatement. Jonny Gomes' speech at the Royals World Series bash is everything:
RT Jonny Gomes for president! #gomes16
Really? #pumpkinspicealltehthings
30 years ago I vividly remember us winning, and the feeling. 30 years later the feeling is so much bigger. #ForeverRoyal
A really bright moon out tonight... The 50mp lens on my Pixel 9 Pro really lingered on the light in night mode
RT
RT The best ones leave first. Single parent Slack inside AWS reacting to the RTO news:
Yeah I need to submit as well, just haven't gotten around to it
Yeah it's so sporadic
What sick world do we live in that you have to cache yaml?
It's always DNS - but when it's not, it's YAML
RT Mornin ☀️☕
RT
RT RTO that requires relocation is particularly nasty to divorced parents. If your custody arrangement prevents you from mov…
Aww, shucks! Thanks for the shoutout! I look forward to hanging and hearing your talk too Val!
RT We're thrilled to announce that will be joining to share his incredible insights! 🎙️ Don't miss…
RT I will die on the hill that RTO hurts families with young children the most — and mothers above all when mom is still the…
RT Super looking forward to running this event for (aspiring) #PostgreSQL extension developers alongside with Davi…
RT Don't miss out on #DevOpsDays Chicago 2025! Early Bird Tickets for March 18th at the Willis Tower are available now. Sav…
Fantastic vision and pass from Garnacho to Rashford, who showed his skill at controlling the ball and then driving through the defender to score a beautiful goal #MUFC
Yes, I know this is a bit late, but thank you to all those who were in attendance at #RefactorDX 10 days ago! Here is the slide deck from my talk ( and CircleCI's 2023 State of Software Delivery Report (
Sounds like the title of my biography
This is the best.
Wake me up when we're debating if YAML/HTML/CSS are programming languages
RT He's absolutely taking this the corporate bankruptcy route. He wants to drive the value of this company into the ground…
Great BTS look at one of my favourite movies of all time
Fossilized tweet
RT If you're in or close to KC, come join me next Tuesday (25 July 2023 - 6PM CDT) at the meetup! We're chatting…
Today's Image of the Day: OSIRIS-REx Rehearsal in the Utah Desert -
Today's Image of the Day: 54 Years Ago: Apollo 11 Crew Walks on the Moon -
Today's Image of the Day: Starling Takes Flight -
If you need me, I'll be here for the rest of the week
Today's Image of the Day: Clouds Form Over North Africa -
RT One week until our next Meetup! Make sure you RSVP soon!
Today's Image of the Day: A Fully Electric Ride for Artemis Crews -
Tim, I'm so glad you made that decision, and glad you're here. I love you, and you are loved.
TIM!! Congrats my friend! 💪👏
Funny one, that
he swan dived into that dunking
RT Mission accomplished! #Crowned
RT The final Salvy bath of the season goes to NED! #Crowned
RT WE’RE #CROWNED!!! Your Kansas City Royals are WORLD CHAMPIONS!!!!
RT #WORLDSERIES CHAMPIONS! #Royals win Game 5, 7-2! #CROWNED
RT LoCain OPENS THE FLOODGATES! Bases-clearing double and the #Royals lead 7-2! #TakeTheCrown
RT #ESKYMAGIC! That’s a 15-game #postseason hitting streak for #TakeTheCrown
RT . comes through in the 12th with an RBI single! #Royals lead 3-2! #TakeTheCrown
RT He is … The Wizard of Hos. #TakeTheCrown
And as such Apple's accessories profits continue to rise.
#ForeverRoyal #TakeTheCrown - "Royals Are Changing the Narrative."
RT In separate games this postseason, the Royals had win probabilities of: 18% 1% 25% 8% 10% 16% They won all of those gam…
😱
blame the server then 😃 #scottishcomplaining
it's under the veggies
A kebab in Britain after midnight. I am happy.
yeah it's free for tonight
it is confirmed: we are heading to the CodeNode Hackathon Kickoff Party
we are heading back down to that area - not sure our destination but will let you know
Check out " Interview w/ (Virtual Reality)" on YouTube - Amazing product! #ionvr #vr
awesome!
RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MATT SMITH! We will always remember when the Doctor was you.
Myself and are here ready for
RT Could the Doctor be a woman? Steven Moffat gives his definitive answer #DoctorWho
I miss my Aurelia and Appia - two great machines that fulfilled our purposes to perfection
Hey! I recognize my name here! Thanks for asking questions
RT Wade Davis is absolutely amazing.
RT #ROYALS WIN! Let's take this to the #WorldSeries!! FINAL: #Royals 4, Blue Jays 3. #TakeTheCrown
RT #BACKTOBACK AMERICAN LEAGUE CHAMPIONS! Your Kansas City Royals are heading to the World Series!!! #TakeTheCrown
HERE! HERE!
Ermahgerd!
Things overheard at breakfast - "horse tastes better when it has a name, like Betty." #babbq15
Jockeying for position by number in Southwest boarding lines brings back memories of lining up at school by height. #babbq15
Meet Roo, a 4mo old Hound/Dachshund mix that we have been fostering for…
woohoo
RT . on the "magic" of playoff baseball.
RT LoCain’s club-record hit streak reaches 13 thanks to another solid at-bat: #TakeTheCrown
RT One step closer to the CROWN! #Royals win, 14-2 &amp; take a 3-1 lead in the #ALCS! #TakeTheCrown
RT The Royals win, 14-2. They own a 3-1 lead in the ALCS. They are one victory away from their 2nd World Series in a row. …
I agree with you. They've done such a good job building it up and tugging at the emotions
looks like South Park had it right all along... #BlameCanada
That's it keep taking what the pitcher gives you. #ForeverRoyal #TakeTheCrown
at least it seems to be universal tonight
Could this strike zone make any LESS sense? #KCvsTOR
Me thinks she is a little too comfortable... #shethinksshespeople
"Getting in a debate with Trump is like trying to play the lead in a Shakespeare play with Larry, Moe &amp; Curly as your supporting cast."
RT Comeback complete! #Royals win Game 2, 6-3! #TakeTheCrown
RT One step closer to the Crown!! #Royals blank the Jays with a 5-0 W and take #ALCS Game 1!!
Beagle actually does hug. Can't she tell I'm busy watching the wup the Jays? #ForeverRoyal #TakeTheCrown
RT We gotta give it up for Edinson Volquez tonight. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 #TakeTheCrown
RT . sits the Blue Jays down in order in the 7th, throwing HEAT. 🔥🔥🔥
RT Kelvin Herrera just stripped the 7-8-9 hitters of the Jays and sold them for parts.
Beagle is feeling jealous about me watching the instead of her
Bautista with a fake out of the fans after catching that foul ball... Uncool
RT Bam! Salvy goes yard!!! #Royals
RT . sends one DEEP to left and the #Royals are leading 3-0 in the 4th!! #TakeTheCrown
RT We believe in fighting for our users privacy and security. That's why we oppose #CISA, a bill that endangers both. htt…
Maybe someone at Fox and MLB talked to Joe Bumgarner, err Buck
RT #Royals strike first!! doubles in Alex Gordon and we’re up 1-0 in the 3rd! #TakeTheCrown
Way to go - #ForeverRoyal #TakeTheCrown
RT Your Kansas City Royals have advanced to the 2015 American League Championship Series!!! #TakeTheCrown
RT The icing on the cake: #TakeTheCrown
really? Wow cool!! Me too! We should hang out!
The beauty of fall has arrived in our backyard.
Best acquisition we have made all year. Go Royals!
Woo-hoo new season tonight! - iZombie
Excited to be a part of this year!
Reason #9,778,.... hmm - have lost count. What number is it now for reasons to kick to the curb?
RT SuperSU v2.50 BETA - 6.0 with Enforcing, more hacks still needed -
hope she didn't get VR motion sickness. #thepukeisreal #needanewproductthatremovesmotionsickness
RT Alright #Royals, let's go undefeated in October. #TakeTheCrown
Now I just need my #GoogleNexus5X...
That's What She Said
TWSS
&lt;= crosses off another day on the calendar
I would say how very #Uncarrier of them... but I can't do it with a straight face.
Way to lay it all on the line for the cider.
atop the Premier League again - FT - Manchester United 3-0 Sunderland
RT Nick Ochoa with Dan and Brooke and #TCDisrupt. Viva #VR!
The kids are going to school in style tomorrow with these…
#ForeverRoyal win first division title since 1985, clinch AL Central with 10-4 victory over Mariners -via ESPN
continues to rock and they destroyed the tonight. Way to go guys!
RT #Royals win! Lorenzo Cain with a walk-off RBI single, scoring from second base! KC with a 4-3 victory in 10! #Forev…
RT 30 years of the #GoldenGirls showering us with fun. #Deadpool
Go vote for these guys! At least do it for !!!! #tcdisrupt #ionvr
Beautiful match day weather for youngest's football (soccer to crazy…
dude awesome. Should be a great night. Enjoy!
Beautiful shot by there. Go
Excited to see this company take off. I know you will be blown away by the product, and you might even see it soon!
well you're in the future. Here in the past the game is still going on.
RT Report: 49ers using undercover players in Vikings uniforms to sack opposing QB
Someone should have told the #fortyniners and #vikings that the #nfl preseason ended last week
giving up sleep is the first start
Silly Samsung... shipping production software with "information" misspelled. They got it right at the top though.
Just a 16" smallmouth bass. You know, because.
Woohoo! Can not wait for #DroidconUK15 - very excited to participate and talk about and stuff
not once
you're Scottish... I put it together
brilliant.
so let me get this straight: get an invite to buy a product you don't want - you can't give to someone who DOES as it's tied to your email
that would be too easy :P
iPhone 3gs, iPhone 6+, blackberry shiz
countdown to the obligatory "I'm Batman!"
Those look oddly familiar.....
doppelganger ftw?
It is about time wakes up and realizes there is more than one way to take a picture
After the rain delay let's get this game on
if this is "light ice", I would hate to see "normal ice"
I will keep that in mind. Thanks mate.
I will be there for a few days so we can make that happen. Need to sort lodging first lol
We'll be at
When your Manager gives the assistant "the look", pack your bags
hey mate. We are not doing one in the US this year, but are looking at some interesting options for next year.
RT We saw a homophobic billboard in #KC and decided to put up our own billboard with a simple message: Be Kind.
A place near our house has "Heck Cashin" for those living on the edge
RT Want to #SpotTheStation in the night sky? Get alerts when flies over you:
Camping. Steaks. Sweet potatoes. 'nough said.
Hopefully soon.... @ Pomona State Park
terrible planning on their part.
"sometimes I give myself the creeps...." #anthemofhighschool
Newest member of the family... #scienceproject #boyscoutmeritbadge…
RT BALLGAME! Kendrys Morales with a walk-off RBI single and KC wins 4-3 in 10 innings! #ForeverRoyal
This is happening tonight.
RT Eric Hosmer is the 3rd player in Royals history to drive in a run in 10 straight games, joining Mike Sweeney (13) &amp; Fran…
want. Much.
RT Blow your mind with the DSP Suite sound effects plugin for Encore Music
RT Watch talk about Encore Music -
RT Encore Music - An open source, extendable music player for Android is LIVE on the Play Store!
Great video - a must for those who have fallen victim to the indoctrination that the Civil War wasn't about Slavery.
The Sixth Doctor, aka aka Colin Baker, at We were lucky to get a seat in the 2nd row.
whenever we have moved or helped some move, we have hit up the local liquor store for their boxes. Perfect size and you know, booze
But, you know, racism doesn't exist in the police...... (^_-)
it was great seeing &amp; hearing from you at My daughter &amp; I were the ones who got up from the front to visit the loo
it was great hearing from you at Keep up the good work!
those 30k sold were in China and they didn't need an invite. They sell them (and the OnePlus One) in China without invites.
Flagship Furore – Why the Market Changed
On our way
RT All presentations (that were provided to us) for #BHUSA Day 1 are now posted here:
RT Ohh god it gets even better. Found another way to do it You can actually refer yourself this way. Let me know…
RT Read about how I "hacked" the reservation system. #OnePlus #OnePlus2
RT Well that was far too easy to hack, almost disappointingly so. #oneplus #oneplus2
Too bad you can't wait for the #OP2 to test these with.... :P But you could test them with any number of 2015 devices
RT #virtualreality isn't just about #gaming via
Say what you want about the quality of the #FastandFurious movies - the way they closed out #Furious7 did a good job paying tribute to Paul
Yep #ExplodingKittens is awesome.
#ExplodingKittens is happening now. The laughter as the kids read the descriptions is contagious
Insane... Ronda Rousey retains her UFC bantamweight title with knockout of Bethe Correia at 34 seconds of 1st round -via ESPN
- I was made to play this game. Thank you! #explodingkittens
For those moments when you need to send Aunt Ethel to spend time with your relatives for the summer.
This is happening right now with hmbirdy. #sharksintornados #aftersharkweek
RT We've got a brand new ride. #OnlyOnAmazonPrime #Drive2Prime
YES!!!! Folks we heard it here first! LG has contracted with Motorola to release the next Nexus under the Motorola brand
Pot calling the kettle, well, one of it's own - "Blatter deserves Nobel Prize" - Putin
RT #Royals announce that newly acquired will make his KC debut at Toronto on Friday evening.
You can't be serious! :P
Any particular reason your Linux desktop app uploads at less than 100Kib/s when uploading via the web is a gazillion times faster?
You can be my [handy]man anytime!
Nothing new here... The movie franchise hasn't has substance since the first one. I will still go see it though.
I know I missed something that happened. Can you provide context?
RT Tonight! Sure, Trump's fun to ridicule, but... That's the end of the sentence. Trump's fun to ridicule.
true. O:-) :-P
yes and no. We could have avoided. That's something to remember. But yes, what to do about now...
well of course we could. Stop meddling first of all, and removing stabilising powers without a stable replacement
Eucerin cream ftw. #notfromexperience #maybethough
Echinacea. #sonyxperiaz3 #unfiltered #herbs H/t hmbirdy
RT The #Royals are 55-35. It's the first time KC has been 20 games above .500 since the end of the 1989 season. #ForeverRoyal
RT CRUSHED! LoCain delivers in the 13th with a solo blast to left!
RT A soldier shuts down those who thought Caitlyn Jenner didn’t deserve a “courage” award
me too... 😁 but I thought I would chime in
Oppo Customer Service is different than OnePlus's
chapters? Who needs chapters? Innovate! 😆
RT Here's our first close-up photo of Pluto's surface
Unedited view of the sun reflecting through the after-storm clouds above our house
That white powder is doggy cocaine, aka pancake mix...
hollow-point?
RT Amazing Deadpool trailer shown off at Comic-Con
I hate it when this happens
Day at the "K" with the kids. Go ! #goroyals #kcroyals #beautifulday #royalssocial
Not bad - great WiFi speeds at #Kauffman - #goroyals #kcroyals
RT New Mobile VR Headset Beginning To Make Waves
having used both GearVR (Oculus in a "plop your phone in and go" solution) and #ionvr wins
and the more they stay the same.
could spawn a whole line of merchandise, mocked &amp; a sitcom - give Lucas a run for his money. #PlanktonWeek #FindingPlanky
I want Plankton Week. They're the most oppressed sea life. #PlanktonWeek
- understands sarcasm.... He's Australian :-P
View from my outhouse beats your view.
"Action Moose Shot" Achievement unlocked. H/t hmbirdy
thanks mate.
Happy 14th Anniversary to my beautiful wife hmbirdy ​. It's been quite a ride, and with all that…
Pretty damn jealous I tell ya
Meh I voiced an opinion that I thought Oregon's recent ruling that large capacity magazines were no longer being sold and you needed a permit to buy a gun was relatively sensible and didn't infringe on the right to purchase a gun. Ooo boy did the crazies come out
RT Who said all political ads are boring? This is probably the hottest political ad you’ll ever see. OHIO vote NO on August…
RT What are you doing this weekend? I'm focused on writing a few chapters for my #devrel book! Are you in #DeveloperRelations?…
RT With great power comes a lot of vapid, power-hungry arseholes.
Lucky me riling up the 2A crowd... going private for awhile I guess
DevOpsDays Chicago it is.
That's fucking terrible. I'm sorry this happened and happens.
Does this meeting have good options for drinks and mocktails?
Tell me you're a racist piece of shit without telling me... nah, you're telling me. Fuck you Eli Crane.
RT thank you &amp; all our amazing speakers
Today's Image of the Day: Three Cheers for NASA Orion Crew Modules for Future Artemis Missions -
Meiss 21
Thomas 21
RT At this point it's pretty clear that the Reddit leadership is just burning the company down for the insurance money.
Looking good Tim!
RT Re: yet another discourse on DevOps, SRE, and Platform Engineering. If you don’t know how they’re different, it’s because yo…
RT Literally every woman that’s been rejected from twilio should be contacting a lawyer.
Was such a good time at #RefactorDX!
Does that reflect your Instagram?
This. So this. Great job #USAWNT !
RT Wow the software on the Galaxy S6 is unacceptable. Fix your RAM management
So this is cool, and a great way to make sure you have all of the animal... But I gotta wonder...…
RT Study: U.S. Wastes 2 Million Hours Annually Figuring Out Where Tape Roll Starts
Before and After a 5mi mountain hike....
Yep, understood.
I do know that. The point I am getting at is that she whinges about not getting money and comes off as a spoiled brat
Oh you mean Taylor Swift has a double-standard? #shocked
and another thing... Artists have never made their money on album sales, instead it is touring and shows where the $$ is
and? We don't know this is what Apple is doing, only what Taylor Swift has said. A simple search explains how Spotify pays
you do realize that these artists do get paid royalties as part of their contracts, right? So Apple and Spotify pay them
riiiight.... It sure reads a lot like her rants against Spotify depriving her of potential millions. Coincidence?
somebody is quickly becoming a whiney, greedy little child.
RT What it feels like waiting for a new series of #DoctorWho to start ...
Omni 5.1.1 Nightlies up for #find7 #oneplusone #flo #hammerhead #mako #manta #odin #shamu #tf300t #tf700t #yuga
that's not an iPhone
When is your iPhone going up for sale?
Beginning of dinner for hmbirdy and I.
RT NoChromo, A New Ad-Blocking Browser, Appears
And now the Chinese government knows when you sleep
really? Now that's just ridiculous. Is saying they don't like non-EU countries and people? It would seem so
Really? You think?
is yours a carrier branded model?
it's great that finally decided to join the party, but the carriers are holding your bootloader hostage
#aliens
RT “We strongly encourage devs to use #opensource, esp. if we can contrib. back to projects,” - Kevin Fleming, Bloomberg ht…
I saw way less faking and diving and whinging in the US vs AUS match than any men's match and tougher play. Great job girls! #fifawwc2015
Because why would you want to? &lt;/s&gt; RT 9 OS iterations later and iPhone users still can't set a default browser/email client.
Want to do this for my acoustic!
heck if you need real world, extended testing let me know.
wish it was ready as I would take it on our 3000mi family trip!
as are we.
Help make it happen for and : Turn Your Car Into A Smart, Connected Car.
hitting the nail on the head here... Apple's copying old features from Android again
No, the fence is not on fire - that is water vapor in action (credit to hmbirdy for taking the photo)
I don't even.... "Mr. Sketch Scented Markers" -
sounds delicious
Absolutely beside myself with giddy laughter right now!
Hard to argue with this. Can we include "sport coats" as well ?
RT Stephen Colbert introduces 'The Late Show' to social media
This is one moment you can't get back
I wonder what Santorum's degree is in?
RT It would be an error to miss this month's screening of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, Dave.
Not surprising at all. Hardly needed a "study" for this. Could have used the money for a good cause instead. /smh
how absolutely interesting mate.
Yeah, but I still want one.
Sure they're probably a disaster, but will probably proclaim them the best thing since sliced iPads. #iverge
Rabbit in front yard is eyeing the rabbit... #matingseason give me 2gb Fiber?
Clematis that hmbirdy planted at our mailbox quite a few years ago that never ceases to delight with…
Living room flooring project has begun with hmbirdy
How kind of them... #allLivesMatter - The Independent: Cleveland police promise to stop pistol-whipping people.
Happy Towel Day, and in honor of Douglas Adams I am introducing our kids to this movie. #dontpanic #towelday
yeah we will watch all of them in December
we are watching Episode 6 right now
Slow-cooked boneless, beef ribs ready for consumption by hmbirdy and myself
Ready to be slow-cooked
Boneless, beef ribs marinated for 18 hrs in a dry rub ready to be doused in sauce and slow cooked
*slaps for being disrespectful to his elder*
Just realised it has been 20 years since I graduated from high school....
RT LG G4 First Impressions and Unboxing – XDA TV
A rug? RT What do you call a pile of kittens? a meowntain
Really what meant was "Life is short, so watch all of Star Wars, but sleep through Episode 1" #ftfy
it's a surprise to all, believe me (right That my oldest has made it to 12 is even more surprising.
ways.
June 2.
Watching this absolutely fantastic movie with my kids. It's on their list as one of their faves. - "McFarland, USA"
RT Baltimore cops charged in #FreddieGray death have now been indicted by a grand jury (AP photo)
RT Only three days left to buy your discounted ticket! Check out the lineup and workshop schedule:
And the exploding security implants displayed as brain nuclear mushrooms - spectacular
The church fight scene in the is equal parts fantastic, disturbing, and comedic - all at the same time.
fun times. Hazmat suits are a requirement when you have kids.
RT Alex Gordon has a loose relationship with where the outfield ends. #HuskersInTheMLB (via
Oh this is awesome.
Absolutely perfect strawberry from hmbirdy garden. And yes, before you ask, it was delicious.
Alex Gordon makes a spectacular catch for the
RT One of the best catches the Platinum Glove winner has made. #Gordonation
Absolutely spot on - CNN: Waco coverage shows double standard on race #AllLivesMatter
Turn those slabs around underneath and you have an awesome snowmobile.
RT Newly Sworn-In North Korean Official Wondering How He’ll Eventually Be Executed
almost as good as the guy I know who thought it meant "lots of love" (h/t
it is when you get older. When little you're just too small.
RT I wonder if that woman who hectored thinks losing 6 brave Marines while helping in #Nepal is "American exceptionalism…
RT Want to come play in San Diego during #SDCC wknd? Enter to win a VIP trip courtesy of our friends
it's the little things that make the difference
RT It’s amazing the work that goes into one’s morning cup of coffee. #respect #directtrade #specialtycoffee #Colombia
RT Report: Putting Head In Hands And Moaning Quietly Still Best Way To Get Through Next Several Seconds
RT The biggest threats to free speech come from western governments claiming to protect it.
lol well said
not bad really
did you have a point or are you just whinging?
Stinks when you're used to working at the office (home) with and then leave to work away from home
Multiple Vulnerabilities in Verizon’s FiOS Mobile API Exposing Customer Information
Not minimizing the deaths, the statistics are cold hard facts... In the last 16 months, ~102 vs ~1500 #AllLivesMatter
#Boomstick RT What did to this baseball is illegal in certain states:
RT When you need a how-to on keeping your #unlimiteddata from #somethingiswrong #NeverSettleForVerizon
Down the Patriot Act - RT Rand Paul is about to have a shining moment on the Patriot Act
their service was always good for me, but lots of hidden costs &amp; when I factored in buying the equipment, it wasn't any cheaper
Yes! RT It's time to get things started! #TheMuppets are coming to ABC and this is your first look!
or find the Lost Gold of Amertutu
put on a fedora, get a whip and play Indiana Jones
RT The new trooper LOVES BreatheRite nose strips!
nice ending to the season. Next season has Merlin and maybe King Arthur?
ahh yeah, I usually watch the day after without commercials
RT Still with Kevin Pelton: got to get rid of Hack-A-Whoever. Crucial passage:
speaking of... I need a crossbow. And you planning a series premiere watch party? ☺
awesome! Bring on the undead! (and completely explains The Walking Dead series set in L.A.
interesting thoughts.
Cali drought issues have been longer though and stems from mismanagement, just like their electrical issues.
they can have it.
interesting theory
Yes! RT ABC's new Muppet Show to be shot in a mockumentary style similar to The Office
In other news, NK sub sinks RT North Korea says it has test-fired a missile from a submarine
#NowPlaying Have You Ever Seen The Rain by Creedence Clearwater Revival -
Saw the latest trailer in IMAX 3D... Amazing! RT Retweet to raise awareness
that would awesome, giving me one less reason to leave the house.
Marvel's master plan: The complete novice's guide to Infinity Stones via
RT Full ‘Captain America: Civil War’ cast revealed; Ant-Man included
Son: "I have a disease of making myself dirty! 😀" Me: "It's called 'boy'!"
awesome!
agreed. Pleasantly surprised when I first saw it, and one of those I have to stop and watch wherever it is at when I spy it on TV
yep - pretty nice that's for sure!
RT I love Luke too, but let’s support those who are #BraveEveryDay for #IFFD #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Here are my speeds after the UPGRADE from - "Whoa" is correct Google.
it's a tough decision... I'll let you know
hey and - you should start to invest in Wrangler jeans ( | cc:
Current speeds (for documentation) before I switch to here this morning -
RT #MayThe4thBeWithYou and with our new cover stars
typical Apple. They've used that excuse before, except it was how you were holding it
Appealing prospect. What about healthcare &amp; jobs? RT Vote for me and I will build a new Death Star
So tempted... RT Lenovo's 13-inch LaVie Z laptop is lighter than the MacBook, and it's available now
NFC - Apple innovates again lol RT Upcoming iPad Pro will feature A9 CPU, Force Touch, and NFC
problem is this is how the stupid Facebook culture works. Too many people are comfortable doing this already
or maybe change your rhetoric and go with #allLivesMatter. But from your rhetoric I can see that probably won't happen
congrats mate!
Pretty clear what happened - RT Charging documents in the #FreddieGray case:
RT What was fake on the Internet this week: Baltimore edition
I mean come on. is 55 times faster than and yet AT&amp;T is surprised people switch? It's called competition. Good stuff!!
To round up, my current is $0.32/MB ($57/Mo) and which I switch to on Monday is $0.08/MB ($75/Mo). No brainer folks.
in comparison, my is $57/Mo (bundled price) for 18MB. That comes to $0.3157/MB. That's robbery compared to
that's not bad. My will be $.075/MB ($75/Mo for gigabit)
Jacksonville has an NFL team?
RT "The Kentucky Derby is a race that lets rich people throw money at a bunch of weird..."
a form of skeet shooting?
RT Excerpts from Baltimore State’s Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby’s statement
Watch "Racism Is Real • BRAVE NEW FILMS" on YouTube -
"You're wearing/holding it wrong!" Just typical... - Apple Confirms Tattoos Can Affect Heart Rate Sensor Readings
RT Freddie Gray: -Gray was "illegally arrested" -6 Baltimore officers charged -Gray's legs were shackled; no seat belt ht…
right but instead of screwing up your device, you screw up your cognition
I am disgust
ahh - so is it a joke that you have a 6plus? O.o
I saw reports of the stainless steel scratching as well.
RT Isn't it time to stop poisoning Freddie Gray? My new column:
RT Marcus Peters is the 6th DB to be drafted by the #Chiefs in the first round since 1967. All of the other 5 all made at …
RT ASUS Nexus Player + $20 Google Play Credit $69 + Free Shipping
RT 3-Months of Spotify Premium Trial Subscription $1 (New Premium Subscribers Only)
This is happening tonight. #avengers #ageofultron #marvelrocks
Really good analysis and questions - "After another player gets hit by a pitch, are Royals really the bad guys?"
of course. They prefer to ship out newer phones, thus locking people into contracts. I know the game. It's stupid.
I know you can't. I spent 11 years at a carrier. But as said, quicker to them, quicker out of them.
I would hope you think it's great! =) And only those in the US it looks like. I would love to see HTC come back to relevance
Yep - which now uses the ambiguous "timely" - which is fine - just know that users have a right to call you on your verbiage
Sure it was poorly worded, but you'll understand why people take you at your word and then get confused.
"As part of our HTC Advantage commitment globally, we pledge to update [M7/M8] within 90 days...." you in fact said it was part
hence my original statement - you actually said 90 days and referenced HTC Advantage as the reason -
My apologies - upon further review the context of your HTC Advantage announcement was just for two devices and only Android L.
regardless if you defined "timely" as 90 days, you still said 90 days as a specific timeline with no qualifier. You used 90.
RT The spin cycle has started. Don't you believe for a minute Freddie Gray broke his own neck.
Good riddance. RT Java 7 is EOL tomorrow. Is your body ready?
RT Combat tech Is turning Baltimore into a paramilitary zone
YES! 5 days and counting. #gettingFiber
maybe leave him a pillow there ?
RT The way "journalists" demand Black people condemn violent protests is how they should question US officials on their war…
bring it on. Like seriously. Please. ☺
NIU is now installed. Now just need the technician to do the install inside. #ihatewaiting
no idea. They said within the month after they install the NIU outside the house.
and now the guy is here to install the NIU on the outside of the house.... ftw!!!
hmbirdy made an awesome Minion hat for our youngest Minion and his hat parade at school tomorrow
Sprinkles are for winners.
"useful feedback/constructive criticism"? What's that? O.o
oh how true
well i am taking the blur of her wagging tail as confirmation she is listening.
You know you've been working at home too long when you start having work conversations with your dog
they just buried the cable :P
RT If you are finding out severe flaws in your code by reports from 3rd party researchers: BE NICE TO THEM. They’re helping you for …
RT PHP when they were handing out the good features to programming languages:
Yeah, didn't hear about that until now. 🙄
Interesting list of reasons to use Threads.
RT Next up we have at presenting “High-performing engineering teams and the Holy Grail”
RT “You’re not Netflix. You’re not Google.” explains how one size doesn’t fit all when it comes to DX and perfo…
RT Watch our webinar replay with senior #developer advocate, to learn how you can better improve your company’s code q…
It's been almost 6 years since I got to hang with my former Auth0 teammate , coincidentally while also in Canada, and I'm so glad we could make it happen! Miss you and
Today's Image of the Day: The Barchan Dunes of Brazil -
This was such a great talk and has so much great info you MUST catch the talk when it's posted after #RefactorDX
Using aspects of the CALMS methodology, Lesley identifies the CAM platform principles for Platform Engineering - at #RefactorDX
On Day 2 of #RefactorDX is giving a great talk on "A Platformized Approach to Node.js Development" with some good points and foundations around Platform Engineering
Sadly I missed the afternoon talks due to meetings, but back for some great talks at #RefactorDX Day 2
RT Fun fact: You can automate compliance with #CICD. Check out #compliance frameworks and best practices for achieving complian…
Today's Image of the Day: Webb’s First Deep Field -
Great talk from Stefan at #RefactorDX, and here are his slides
Can use "lazy loading" with HTML, coming soon across all browsers - at #RefactorDX
Stefan goes into some great, quick examples of using CSS without JavaScript to do things we tend to put into libraries, driving up download sizes of websites that are larger than Doom was when it first shipped (&gt;2MB). Check his slides and #RefactorDX talk video for the samples
Threading fun
More threading fun
And threading fun...
We've seen Interop and OpenUI starting to bring about multiple companies and communities to plan out what the Internet is going to be needing in the near future to come - at #RefactorDX
I believe so.
everyone I know that has it likes it.
haven't connected the NIU yet
can't wait for mine. #soon
dalmation pelts were out of season
yep, explains everything
RT Bill Nye: Climate change is “not something you should be debating or denying”
the US definitely needs to convert to 24hr clock universally
RT Is there anything Alex Gordon won't do to catch a baseball? #ForeverRoyal
365 times RT Hey how many fucking times do need to cancel my office 365 subscription before you stop taking my money?
RT
and the TV commercials beg for the nerds to stay in their mom's basement and play instead of getting fresh air and sunlight
Solution: Eradicate deceased family members RT Study Finds Those With Deceased Family (cont)
it's been said before, but Tweetings
RT TIP: Carpool with another person to destroy the only moment of solitude you have in your day
RT Last year, complaints about airlines increased 22%. There were probably more complaints, but the airlines lost them.
I fart in your general direction
👍👊
you get one?
RT "I read that BMW’s new deluxe 7 Series will allow drivers to simply press a button on..."
I don't. Way to scan for mentions of "iPhone" and spam with messages.
iPhone-Developers FTW. 😑 Also, way to start her young. 😕 Glad she doesn't look like you - that facial hair... 😵
First snake of the spring. #snakecatcher #snakecharmer
being mapped out to my house
went with hard but got chips to then grab all the stuff that spills out and get more food. #winning
can't be worse than Honey Doodoo's parents
/me goes to file useless petition calling for M&amp;Ms to end their sexism.
Totally respect you for this btw RT I'm a stay at home dad. Tell me more about #everydaysexism
i thought M&amp;Ms were asexual...?
speaking of, can't decide on a Chipotle Burrito or Chipotle Soft Tacos.
PSA: The only way to truly know if you hit the bird with your car is too check the rear view mirror for the puff of feathers.
Goodnight. I need sleep.
Taking my daughter to Krystal for the first time. The ride home tomorrow is going to be awesome.
RT . shares the importance of the "dismount" after putting his kids to sleep
which page of your customer care script are you on so that I can follow along?
I want/need to buy this somewhere in Kansas City
sure though you do realize there's nothing you can do, right? This is ATT stupidly capping Fiber speeds
lol it is the fact you sell "fast fiber" and yet your Wireless service is faster, and Google Fiber blows you away and cheaper
RT "Thank you, Tax Day, for combining the fun of doing paperwork with the threat of going to..." ht…
They are made of kitten tears.
on this highway is faster than at home on Fiber. Something is wrong here AT&amp;T
same here. Sometimes we even have matching conference shirts.. Meaning more people look at us weird in the local coffee shop
good guy prime
Cortada to start the workday from and
#aliens
RT #Royals win 10-1! gets the win. The 10 runs are second-most by KC on Opening Day (11-2 vs. Toronto in 1979).
And they'll still make money RT Apple Watch will be half price for Apple employees
g'night
Way to start the season Same formula from last year, with same consistent result. FINAL: CHW 1 vs KC 10 -
RT When you score your first #MLS goal ... and it's the game winner. #SportingKC
A great stadium at that. Football is growing for sure. Trouble is Basketball, Baseball and American Football are more popular
The pitch at Sporting Park.
Sporting KC match with hmbirdy. Two goals in the 90th and 94th minutes to win 3-2.
RT FINAL: Wisconsin defeats Kentucky 71-64, advance to national championship #FinalFour
RT BREAKING: The entire Kentucky roster has declared for the NBA Draft
RT
Moving up to 3rd Place! Go #mufc Red Devils! FINAL Premier League: MUN 3 vs AST 1 -
I bet it will
RT Since gluttony and greed are deadly sins! I wonder if businesses in Indiana will refuse to sell chubby ppl cupcakes #Tea…
🙌🙌
#KeepPortlandWeird RT Darth Vader on a unicycle playing flaming bagpipes, your argument is invalid
too lazy.
RT Introducing Dial-Up Mode. Slow your Fiber speeds down to that of a 56k connection and enjoy the power of slowness:
inb4 "I'm smelting, I'm smelting!"
such talk. Much humor. So boring.
you should work extra long today 😝😋😜
RT HTC M9 S-OFF Achieved In Less Than 24 Hours
Great job RT HTC M9 S-OFF Achieved In Less Than 24 Hours
can we make it "with" me? 'cause that would be really swell! 😉👍
/me goes to Translate... Ahh congrats. Doing well here, busier than ever. Might be coming that way in the next few months
admittedly you didn't have much left anyways! =) Congrats on the move. You going to work for the company up north?
I found the family picture for your album.
Ahh #ReadyforReady
Desperately awaiting April 2 so I can start paying attention to the idiotic news, pundits and know it all's... Wait... Why start now?
because why?
No offense but the same goes for #justsaying RT "no offense but" is used exclusively as an excuse to say something criminally stupid
deal
I was under NDA so I couldn't speak too much to the future
Yeah a good thing for the community, because who really wants to put a bullet through Google?
This is happening hmbirdy! Tonight!
hoping Shawnee Mission Northwest area gets connected soon. ATT Uverse is doing upgrades in our area
Ooooooh
I really love my Smartwatch 3.
RT Don't forget to enter for an invite to ASUS's Special event for developers in NYC (closes April 3) -
#RelevantLink -
"You will give me one of your Hot Tamale's, for I am Jedi Beagle."
which direction would that be then?
this.
or go forward by walking backwards... #thinkaboutit
how does it narrow it down? There are still plenty of directions to choose "One" of
which is why I am trying to figure out which
well they could just call themselves "A Direction"
which direction? I was assuming West, but there are quite a few, including Up and Down
ok.
only if they are about West.
in other news, Samsung releases the SGS6/6E.
RT Sometimes the bad guy isn't the villain.
you hanger on you
should we up our game or would it not be fair to the rest of the world? Tough call RT Using sarcasm improves your IQ.
I see dead people.
that's what he said.
you forgot: *has brother's number* *doesn't text him* Not that I am complaining, just you forgot to add a few lines. 👍👌👆
or how well your meds are working
RT With great power, comes great irresponsibility. #deadpool #officialsuit
, this guy ( is spam
The killer Hawk has returned to our neighborhood
RT A study named JoCo one of the "easiest places to live." We were 11th out of the nation’s 3,135 counties. #JoCo2015
RT Don’t be fooled. Sunday will be insane. #TWDFinale
from Mom?
Dancing Queen made it home.
thanks mate. Had a great time, but glad to be heading home
that it was! Thanks!
many a good sing-a-long!
thanks mate! You as well
yep. One day for sure
Bye bye London. While you'll be missed, I will be glad to have my wife hmbirdy and kids in me arms again
RT A customer walks into a bar. He asks for a beer made out of wine. The project manager agrees. Both question the bartender's c…
Because, Dancing Queen.
I hear you. Which is why I believe loves it when I slurp to test my tea/coffee
Fish and chips from The Grazing Goat. You don't get that every day.
decided on toast, chips, egg, bacon, sausage to start my day today.
Breakfast. That is all.
St. James Church, Westminster, England
RT A night in the pub with :
RT Towns to avoid during the inevitable zombie apocalypse, according to #TheWalkingDead htt…
London Pride Ale in London outside Hyde Park at The Swan.
London Paddington Station.
RT " Due to the generosity of our attendees we raised over £350 for cancer research (
Smart Lock exists... No problems here. (Z3)
not so sure.
well done Reds! - FT - Liverpool 1-2 Manchester United
Premier League: Gerrard sent off in under a minute via dirty play #mufc
Soccer great Pele showed up at the Manchester United-Liverpool match today to w…
Ready to watch with Go Reds!
RT Huge Thank you to Everyone who came and supported it was great to see old friends and meet new ones, see u…
RT Liverpool vs #mufc, today at 13:30 GMT. The world will be watching.
University of Birmingham clocktower #motd2015
Flight for #motd2015
I thought that was the confused face...?
RT Wilkin Lee of Honor (Huawei) with the first talk of March Of The Droids 2015. #motd2015 #android…
a close second
and Uni of Brum sorted us some nice wifi speeds
which will place you at the library.... Walk out the main entrance and turn to your right and walk to Centre
RT It's #motd2015 day!
speak for yourself mate. I've seen your face enough times in the last year my eyes are bleeding
you will be missed mate
RT Solar eclipse from the International Space Station
that has been happening the last few years. They host games not segregated by region in the first round
Nooooooo!
nice so not at the Travelodge huh?
evidently I was wrong...
Bowling at - what could go wrong?
we usually just make them for the occasion. We had cases for phones for awhile.. But yeah #story
This is how i use my Aeropress - definitely better RT AeroPress Inverted Method Instructions:
Sitting here listening to a group of British youths talk about how Americans say words.. and I can't be arsed to correct them. 😑
:godzillaFacepalm: 😑 👍👍 - RT Texas college students may soon be able to carry their guns to class
wonderful armpit hair. Poster child for the 80s
RT Just a reminder that #MotD2015 starts at 12 this Saturday @ The Avon room, university of Birmingham.
Make sure to get your tickets to - You could get one of these cool stickers
Some great things set for this weekend - RT
crying for ice cream, right?
Chilly? ✅ Foggy? ✅ Alright. The plane landed in London.
Water conservation at its finest - RT Lately, instead of showering, I just stroll through the perfume department at Macy’s.
I can neither confirm nor deny that I have seen that key before
I'm Darth Batman!! - RT You can be cool, but you'll never be Darth Batman cool
I have replied. I cannot assist you. Go to the XDA thread and seek assistance. That is all.
ask for help in that XDA thread you found. That is your best bet
sorry. 1. I don't provide support over Twitter or other forms of communication, and 2. MTK is very difficult, and 3. Check XDA
seeing as you feel the community "instils" confidence, maybe will "instill" something else
not even the same paragraph matey, unless it's in reference to someone else.
way to boil it down to just one thing sis.
Walker: “You shot me in the back!” Givens: “If you wanted to get hit in the front, you should’ve run toward me.” Classic!!
Happy "Claim To Be Irish" Day to all those who need an excuse to drink themselves silly. Happy St. Patrick's Day to all others.
#sxsw huh?
RT #TWDBrokenWindowTheory.
because THAT doesn't look like the Skynet flying robots....
Grabbing a Single Origin Ethiopian Konga Americano with my love
so how do you turn that nugget of wisdom into a money making endeavor?
learn from a bad experience?
you daring new pioneer you!
Wow that's pretty active. Maybe dial it back a bit?
Will Ferrell's spring training exploits are now official on Baseball-Reference'…
Will Ferrell ready for Cactus League
:godzillaFacepalm: RT The CIA is giving its surveillance tech to US law enforcement
Stefan's misbelief was that DX was more important than UX. With Javascript, you have complexity building on top of core elements. But think about how many libraries are created to just do a simple tooltip? - at #RefactorDX
The DX experience over the last 10 years has brought us from a 2013 Hello World page at 10kb/50kb (compressed/uncompressed) to 100kb/300kb in 2023 and node_modules out of control - at #RefactorDX
Next up at #RefactorDX is , talking about "DX in the frontend developer ecosystem" and identifies a question a lot of us have gotten over the years... "What is all this 💩 and what does it all mean?"
This was such a good talk from at #RefactorDX, and you can find her slides at
Inclusive meetings are extremely important, especially with remote meetings, and brainstorming methods can help keep your meetings running smoothly and inclusive at the same time. - at #RefactorDX
Code reviews are already a stressful situation, so it's important to use inclusive language.
When emotions get high, it's ok to walk away. It's OK. Also, "I don't know" is in fact a complete sentence. " at #RefactorDX
Threading issue... Here's the next tweet
As manager or leader leading, it's important to allow the room to present ideas without facing the fear of being rejected / failure. It's also important to give space to other opinions before your own, &amp; avoid passive aggressive comments. - at #RefactorDX
A few ways to protect psychological safety: * Ask questions &amp; get curious * Create open space for making mistakes + Recognize that the curse of knowledge means we assume certain topics / ways of communicating when others have deficiencies - at #RefactorDX
There are a lot of misconceptions about psychological safety, with some clear signs to watch out for in your org - at #RefactorDX
Next talk at #RefactorDX is with her talk on "Cultivating a culture of Psychological Safety in Engineering", with a decent definition from ChatGPT, and then her good summation
Final words from Brian at #RefactorDX "The best solution to a problem is eliminating the conditions that create that problem rather than adding another solution that creates new unique problems."
A lot more in this talk that I couldn't keep up with. Here are the slides, and when the #RefactorDX talks get posted you should definitely check it out! His slides are at:
Getting to a more functional and consistent definition of DX really comes down to Productivity, and: "DX is about the practices and tools that empower developers to produce great end user experiences." - at #RefactorDX
There are some hallmarks of good DX, and Microsoft's Developer Velocity Lab has helped to identify some good measurements with SPACE: Satisfaction &amp; wellbeing Performance Activity Communication &amp; collaboration Efficiency and flow - at #RefactorDX
Next up at #RefactorDX is on "Rethinking Developer Experience", and after doing some querying of ChatGPT, the definition from GitHub really stands out.
Things like CoPilot &amp; ChatGPT create the same challenge StackOverflow created/creates with "copy-paste development", making it "easier" to do things without actually learning the what and the why. Important to validate and verify what is generated. - at #RefactorDX
With new tools and systems, we experience the Jevons paradox ( with the economics of jobs and functions going through resets in efficiency
. used ChatGPT to create the foundation of the abstract of his talk, but stresses the importance of not stopping with what it generates, and instead using it as a base to start. This is also not applicable to every situation or product you're producing.
RT Sorry Ed. It seems I knocked your "I'm a human" piece down the news agenda.
YES!! - AMC Announces Two-Season Order for The Walking Dead Companion Series via
RT Never let your guard down. #TheWalkingDead
RT Hey I have an idea for a Kickstarter campaign that I think could break every record, ever
RT Mitt Romney Still Thinking About Running For President In 2012
rumor has it: "I am really hungry now, hungry now! Please give me a corndog or ice cream."
RT Hansel walked the runway at Paris fashion week. This is real life. #Zoolander2 #sohotrightnow
This stormtrooper in Barcelona enjoys crossdressing. Wonder what Palpatine has to say about it?
Everytime I look at the airplane safety instructions I want to "Fight Club" it up. One of these days....
RT “We brought dinner.” #TWDHospitality #TheWalkingDead
RT “We’ll make it work. And if they can’t make it? We’ll just take this place.” – Rick #TheWalkingDead
great pic. I saw this while in the taxi one day but not up close like this
what about exercise?
RT Today's trailer rumors confirm my badassery.
Barcelona, I leave you now. Looking forward to next year already. #mwc15 #mwc16
I actually don't have the device or any FirefoxOS device. Just saw this in the booth
RT "The White House announced yesterday that Michelle Obama is going to Japan and Cambodia..."
RT RAVPower RP-WD02 – Android Accessories Review
Nice looking Jade Z at #mwc15
booth and tablet at #mwc15
yeah I was a bit surprised myself. Neither picture in Asus's test setup is great, but it's their test setup
were you correct based on my follow up tweets?
Alcatel One Touch Fire E at the booth at #mwc15
stand at #mwc15
taking about their new Theme editor (coming soon) for SGS6 and SGS6 Edge
I might just come home with this.....
And sorry I meant to say Zenfone not Zenphone
Zenfone 2 receives OTA update in booth at #mwc15
Zenphone 2 photo of backlight HDR comparison with Z3
Z3 backlight HDR photo of comparison with Zenphone 2
Backlight correction HDR comparison beteeen Z3 and Zenphone 2. You tell which is which?
booth looked great and has an interesting array of phones for whatever your need. #mwc15
I doubt people are going to be happy about that. Generally people don't like to pay more for something that 9 months ago cost less
sorry to hear it mate. We will take care of bizness
lolwut?
never until never
mate, I love you, but I am not dancing with you.
Hah and in Brum in a few weeks
no that means that those over the 400 were in the cold. 😎💩
So gave away over 1000 free tickets to a venue that only holds 400. 👍 👏 Good times. #mwc15
At the VIP Partner Event at #mwc15
the MyTaxi app refuses to work for me. "We're sorry, an unknown error has occurred" every time I try to sign up
The practical applications of the SmartEyeglass were awesome
we checked it out, but only the booth. We will hit the main booth tomorrow
now you're making it weird. But I will pass your love on to
just for you though, we will.
at some point. MWC is fracking huge
Alcatel OneTouch with Android 5.0.2 (Qualcomm 650) at #mwc15
One M9 with Sense 7.0 and Android 5.0.2 at #mwc15
checking out the phone from at #mwc15
AndyKyocera at #mwc15
The Burg Skywalker was awesome. It's gone.
This is happening right now with at #mwc15
Caught the V2 in the wild at ShowStoppers #mwc15
really? Copying HTC?
You can even park your ass in Barcelona at #mwc15
Ready to hit ShowStoppers Press Event at #mwc15
With pic - LG showing off their new Urbane LTE Smartwatch #mwc15
LG showing off their new Urbane LTE Smartwatch #mwc15
RT It’s official: Americans should drink more coffee
doing it right for #mwc15. Better than in the states.
RT "Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." RIP Spock. by
nah then I not be nasteh
This post says it all RT A life is like a garden. Perfect moments can be had, but not preserved, except in memory. LLAP
RT This year we welcome our first overseas guest, will be talking for (very slowly so we all un…
RT Tickets are still available for #MotD2015 @ Loads of interesting things and new devices on sho…
you didn't tell me there were going to be sheep there!
who me? I will spice up my colonial accent just for you lot
RT MTX Connects Travellers with Unlimited Data in Europe #mwc15
not after 25k retweets.....
well sometimes it just bears repeating
, only wants an iPhone. Don't listen to him
yeah it does. Hopefully I will get to play with it in Barcelona next week
Kansas State AD John Currie apologizes for court-storming following his team's 70-63 victory over No. 8 Jayhawks
let's say that they won't "abandon" as much as "expand" =) ;-)
I remember this like it was yesterday - "On this date in 1980, Team USA taught us to believe in miracles.
RT It's okay. Made my own!
RT Get ready world #EverythingIsAwesome
RT Goal celebration fail of the season? Antonio Candreva scores a screamer, runs into a wall and has to be subbed.
Happy birthday
Riiiiight RT Ferguson’s Police Chief: “There is not a racial problem in the police department.”
I just backed Exploding Kittens on
RT Kazam Thunder Q4.5 Receives Official TWRP
RT 2,147 All Time Victories, 57 Conference Titles, 14 Final Fours, 5 National Championships #kubball
RT The Glory, The Power, The History, The Legends, The Titles, The Tradition #kubball
I love the UK.
At my family gatherings this is a thing
Hitting up for some coffee before spilling paint all over floor. Happy Valentine's Day!
probably a safe bet
not talking about love... It's her dreams I am worried about
is that a new thing mate? Or are you just hoping against hope?
always have something prepared, even if it is something small
Xposed Framework for Android Lollipop Is Here!
RT Gunner Z Puts You in Command of an Armored Zombie Killing Machine - #android
RT These astronauts just dressed like Jedi for their official portrait
because they don't have to worry about violating copyright law
just make sure you are renting a room and not Gary's "suite"
be careful because what Gary really means is his room
it's a weekend...
got to aspire to something
do it mate
ahh right. I know Jordan 😝
you won't be winning anything from me this time
RT "You should never be proud of doing what's right. You should just do what's right." -Dean Smith, 1931-2015
RT The CSS guide
Cannot wait - make sure to get your tix soon for #motd2015 RT The Androids Are Marching On The UK
triples as a wild animal gatherer and a back scratcher
Looks like something from RT Meet the UK's first driverless 'car'
oh I know. That's why I have been preparing every day, and bought this on eBay
right. So just like every other time in history, without the Mad Max link. :P got it. New Mad Max looks good.
what the heck is an "apocalyptic American presidency?"
RT “ Watch Jon Stewart's First 'Daily Show' (Video) Is that David Bryn…
congrats!
Use - cheaper and more reputable than the others RT How to sell your used smartphone #cdntech
My brain is still rattling &amp; my knee joints are giving me the "you want me to do WHAT?" speech. But I survived
it was implied I am sure of it
I am ready to jump at w/ my son and Cub Scout troop... Wife's command to me was "Don't kill yourself!" 😝
RT According to 54% of journalists don't get formal computer security training. We've got a suggestion:
BOOM! wow I am impressed! RT FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler: This is how we will ensure net neutrality #ICYMI
RT Pepperidge Factory Farm Under Fire For Inhumane Treatment Of Milanos
RT #NFL teams this season threw 66 TD passes with 1 INT on passes from the 1-yard line. That 1 INT was ... well ... tonight.
I know: 14-21 days RT Al Michaels is obsessed with the concept that "no one knows what the next few weeks will bring." #SuperBowl
RT ITaaS - Identity Theft as a Service with FileThis
RT On the main stage at Royals fan fest with my brothas!!👌👌✌️✌️👌👌😜😜
"I love the smell of [real coffee] in the morning"
Ticket to #mwc15 CHECK Lodging with CHECK Plane tickets to Barcelona.... PRICEY
Reservation made with for #mwc15.... Now to sort plane tickets
Travel on Airbnb and get $25 in travel credit!
RT A simple flowchart to help you decide if you should vaccinate your child:
Don't throw away $10 every time you trade. Get smart at via
Cappuccino and latte art... I still has it
cool beans
when do existing Mobile Share Value customers see the rollover data?
I just sold my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (Wi-Fi) via and saved a bunch avoiding eBay fees:
RT Are you ready for March Of The Droids 2015? March 21st is approaching fast! #MOTD2015
RT We would like to thank for confirming they are attending #MotD2015 - full details to be announced soon!
Hey! That's mine! Cool! " Featured: Swappa listing for Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (Wi-Fi): $190
Selling my original gen, near mint Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (Wi-Fi) on - check it out
"Banditos" on #90sAtNoon - LOVE IT -
RT Critics are losing their damn minds over 'American Sniper'
RT White people are flipping out because 'Selma' isn't about them
👍 👊 👌 😴
Oh... dang... hmm
what's MotD?
RT American Sniper was a hero not a coward. He did his job and his job was to kill people. My new column:
as long as said person is still in a coverage area.
401. =)
I think you are right.
RT #TheLibrarians Isn't that Dr Who's car?
Drinking American Blonde in an cup from - perfect combination
"adaptable Android OS"? What the heck is that?
so's your face (#swidt #scrubsforlife #stupidhashtags)
meh. Good luck. I used Limechat a few times
RT A dozen ways to legalize the marijuana supply chain, in Vermont or any state
HoloIRC is actually pretty nice
Need a warehouse now - RT " You can buy a giant mech suit on Amazon Japan for $1mil
not really. LG G3 and Moto X take faster, better photos. This is typical Verge ☺
RT Last night I got in a bit of a tiff with what I thought was a prowler. Turns out it was just a very human-looking lamp. …
no problem. It is what I am here for it seems
wait it's Friday?
Dang... 14 yrs for me - RT " That moment when you realize you've had your account for almost 15 years..."
RT EFF's Secure Messaging Scorecard: Very helpful chart of popular messaging tools
Congrats to my old coworkers on winning two awards!
deal
hold me a ticket and a beer (and by "a beer" I mean "a 'few' beers")
Still working on getting there this year
RT Hey #Android devs: Check out post “Will 2015 be the Year of the Connected Car?” ` #conne…
RT Micromax Remotely Installing Unwanted Apps on Devices -
RT Remotely Installing Unwanted Apps on Devices
Jones by TKO RT Cormier or Jones?! Who y'all got?? #UFC182
RT Analysis of New HTC Flagship, the HTC "HIMA"
RT Android App Review: Simple Explorer Receives Material Design Updates
something some people beg and whine for
GLHN-VTIR-DNEU-XKOT
Merry Christmas mate. Maybe this year we will be able to share a beer (or 6) in person.
RT Don't torrent The Interview. Pay six bucks for the download, and maybe more studios will release movies this way. It's a…
wins the internet folks - RT go fuck yourselves.
CM, Micromax and OnePlus - Sales Ban Lifted - XDA Forums
It's foggy and misty outside, which makes for a perfect day inside
that's your concern? Believe me, you'd be better off focusing on your food and drink than your "sexy" moves
just dance for them.
is your coffee sold in any grocery stores in Kansas City?
might have a different view
Yeah we made it through fine after 5hrs of it and will be hopefully tomorrow evening. Give a healthy slap for me :-P
Traffic is clear... Not sure on the skies
#thatjusthappened #HappyThanksgiving #alltehthings RT " #VirginiaFace #SRSLY?
luckily we were close to a Tire Center &amp; they fixed us up &amp; we were back on the road in 30 mins. No need for the donut
^_^
Oh and now a flat tire (^_-) RT Thanks. We've already driven over 2400km with another ~200 to go #whatwasthatsound
Thanks. We've already driven over 2400km with another ~200 to go #whatwasthatsound
no it's called "National Travel Halfway Across The Country To Eat Turkey With Family Then Drive Back All In 6 Days" time
Kicking off #RefactorDX is with his keynote: "AI Is Revolutionizing Developer Experience - Are You Ready?"
A good collection of stickers has been started here at #RefactorDX
RT The definition of white nationalism is not a matter of opinion. White nationalism—the ideology that white people are inher…
RT How many billionaire benefactors does one judge need?
RT 💥 Unofficial Pre-Dinner 🙌🏽
A friend of mine recently started looking for a new Senior-level Lead QA role. They have a wealth of experience in the QA &amp; Test Engineer field &amp; would be a great asset to any Engineering org. Please reply with job listings so they and anyone else can see and apply!
Today's Image of the Day: Wildlife at Armstrong Flight Research Center -
RT 🚀 Starting today all CircleCI users can save even more time and credits with our new rerun failed tests feature. This new fu…
RT 📻 How We Broke DevRel as an Industry - and talked about what’s working, what’s…
I'm still a bit shocked.
Or maybe it's the new hipster JavaScript framework?
Is sunshine the new IDE?
So many ways, all depending on time and what I feel like at the moment: - Drip brew - Aeropress - New pourover carafe system from - French press
Whatever do you mean?
Headed to #RefactorDX today! Who will I see there? If you're still looking for a ticket, use the code CIRCLECI for 50% off!!
RT DevTools are going to be massively impacted by AI - if you're in SF Thursday, come join f…
RT Now in Hugh Res
Today's Image of the Day: New Horizons’ Infrared View -
22 hrs driving over 2 days with the kids in a minivan.... 6 more to go. #whatsthatsmell
only the best.
DOS 3.1. I invite you to try the latest &amp; greatest invention known to tech! Everyone wants it - especially those stuck on DOS 3
maybe - shoot me a PM somewhere and we can chat
GLJC-2EMM-XTFY-ZQND
you jealous?
that's awesome that such a cool guy hooked you up! You should buy him many beers!
follow me and then DM me your email
Any CDMA engineers, developers, analysts, hot shots, etc. currently looking for new opportunities? Hit me up if you are (or know someone)
Anyone out there use Sketch that they could export this for me to something usable, like PNG? I don't use a Mac -
Beautiful rose for my queen hmbirdy
The googlefiber bunny is a voyeur?
Here at the space in Westport for the GDG DevFest 2014
Cortada and Holiday Blend to start this cold Saturday at
Getting lollipop next week!! Get it!! RT Featured: Swappa listing for Nvidia Shield Tablet (Wi-Fi): $380
well executives should lose money if they're underperforming. And samsung does need to decline and others need to grow
why are you booing this?
Just saw a McDonald's truck unloading at Chipotle.... 😑
I just scored 50 points on #Orbiter! | Get it for Free on Google Play:
did you steal/borrow my shirt?
HR FTW - RT More costumes!
that's really poor planning. Should always have a backup case.
Ready for the Trick or Treat Roast #itsathing
RT We’re so PROUD of our #Royals and the community who supported them all season long. THANK YOU!
RT If Joe Buck still has a job tomorrow, I'm going to write a letter.
come on... #joebuck has #bumlove and can't stop talking about him
This. Don't be a jerk.
I got : Daryl! Which Walking Dead Character Are You? via
RT Unwritten rules of baseball should include shutting your mouth when everything you throw is getting tattooed.
RT OMAR!!! A two-run homer into the #Royals bullpen makes it 7-2 KC!
sent you a G+ message about needing assistance with an OEM release livestream. Let me know on the availability or other suggestions
good to hear!
Overheard in the men's bathroom at #babbq5: "OK Google, inspire me" Umm... I don't even...
7XCA-HDVJ-VBMR-JOR2
rocking espresso and Mexico Vera Cruz single origin coffee. Thank you. Will be back before leaving the #babbq5
RT RECAP: #Royals are #WorldSeries bound as they sweep the O’s to win the #ALCS. #TakeTheCrown
RT Soak it in boys! You are American League Champions!!! #TakeTheCrown
One more to the World Series! GO ROYALS!! RT #ROYALS WIN 2-1!!!!! KC leads the best-of-seven series 3-0! #TakeTheCrown
RT XDA:DevCon 2014 UK Edition Event Review - XDA TV
RT Going to Kansas City, Kansas City here we come! #Royals win 6-4 and now travel home leading the best-of-seven series 2-0!
RT Oh yeah!!! getting it done in game one #ALCS... Another beauty!
RT THAT was awesome! #ChrisFarleyvoice #Royals #TakeTheCrown
RT #Royals win #ALCS Game 1 with a final of 8 to 6 in the 10th! #TakeTheCrown
That's certainly an idea. There's a balance though between shame and productive cooperation and collaboration. =) Tough....
RT Alex Gordon clears the bases with a double. 3-1 #Royals! Gordon to third on the throw. #TakeTheCrown
hope your pilot turns up. That plane ain't gonna fly itself. And thanks for traveling to the UK for
So long and thanks for all the fish
there will be another time, maybe even at #motd15 unless you forget another birthday...
great time mate, but I just realized we didn't get a pic together to annoy with
RT many thanks for the Android OS development workshop at #xdadevcon14 built and installed on Sunday
talking about "Shoot Troubles, Not Users" at #xdadevcon14 #shotsfired
is in town this weekend but we won't be able to watch them 😕
Arrived for #xdadevcon14...
I have plenty of fall in my step... No spring.
RT Why are #startups &amp; #innovation thriving in ‘flyover country’? knows why.
#achievementunlocked - already annoyed my wife and we haven't event taken off yet.
Beginning the trek to #xdadevcon14 in Manchester. Who all is joining me and the Event Team?
RT Have you checked out the schedule at yet? #xdadevcon14 is landing in 48 hours - we're ready for it, a…
Verifying myself: I am jerdog on Keybase.io. So3X7EFQmO2Xljg0o_QYF18oUhuyWjUlzep0 /
done. Thanks.
RT MediaTek Continues Steps Towards Being Developer-Friendly
jealous
RT Bedtime for parents is like watching a country decide confederacy #parentproblems
RT That's a #Huskers win! 41-31 over Miami Ameer runs for 229 yards on 35 carries and 2 TDs, also adds a TD catch! #FearAmeer
RT RING THE BELL! Armstrong to Bell for 40-yd TD! #Huskers
RT Last year's giveaways (pictured) have nothing on this year at #xdadevcon14. T-minus 6 days until we hit Manchester
Delicious Ethiopia Adado Natural from for hmbirdy and I this morning
RT Technology must be designed to help uphold human rights, not help governments violate them. #privacyisarig…
I did =)
Oh I read perfectly. =) I just wish there were free file hosting and/or pasting services out there
You can't post but you can certainly download without registering.
RT "A wonderful and crowning moment in the career of Tom Osborne. Nebraska, National Champs, 24-17." - Bob Costas #TBT
Interesting - which link would that be?
RT You have your tickets to #xdadevcon14? If not, you have less than a week to get them at Don't delay!
Schedule Is Up for #xdadevcon14
"**** Successfully built kernel ****" and zImage resides in "arch/arm/boot/zImage"
what do you think is missing?
Boom! Way to go - MediaTek Releases Full Kernel Source for First Android One Devices via
that is a very good idea but only if the pigs actually drop. However GPLv2 code drop would make great news
maybe when companies like honor their GPLv2 kernel requirements. Or when pigs fly. It's really a toss up at this point
now I am confused. You 2 should figure out which credit you were trying to give me too much of
Ahh credit is bad. Pay with cash.
I don't even.... Oh and that infers I ever had IT
doesn't mean I wasn't a repeat offender =) . Metallica and Led Zeppelin were my chosen offenses
RT I hear the Apple Watch can tell precisely how many seconds it's been since your last meaningful interaction with a real …
"songs with a beat"
any of them have the new "Private Selfie" mode as an add-on to the plans?
nope. #getitright sisters. Your hipster friends might have decided to change it...
I don't even.....
RT For those of you with battery issues during the live stream, you missed the BIG news...
When your QB is the rushing leader &amp; he isn't RG3 or Cam Newton we might have a problem with our Offensive Staff...
no idea. I was made to wear those shorts in the early 90's
yes but can it end the most annoying coworker blunder of all, the "Let's Reply to All because the entire company must be bored"?
can't wait to watch tomorrow
Shawnee Mission NW — we need 200+ more sign-ups to get #googlefiberkc! Sign up by Oct 30:
RT New post: Finding Its Way to Nightlies: The Oppo Find 7 The Find 7 is the spectacular #android-4.4 #fi…
#jokesonyou Oh K. #swidt
RT Coffee Pirates Rejoice! You can now make your own coffee, illegally, w/ ur K-Cup "Keurig's K-Cup coffee DRM cracked"
you can come walk the dog and now the lawn
Getting a latte for hmbirdy and a cappuccino for me at our former haunt bdcoffeehouse. Single origin…
Special xda:devcon '14 Hotel and Conference Pricing Ending
Our family donated to ALS for the #icebucketchallenge, #alsicebucketchallenge. Join us in supporting
RT OmniROM has added support for External Contact Sync via OpenDAV
RT NEW VIDEO: Join Peter Capaldi, Jenna Coleman and Steven Moffat as they discuss Deep Breath at
This is a good move for Intel if they want app developers to make apps that work on x86 as well as ARM
RT Intel Partners with Unity to Support Android on Intel-Based Devices
Hitting up before heading out of town. Great work guys
XDA is Adding a Xiaomi Forum for Mi 3
RT Pebble Developer Challenge Round 1 Closes --
RT Newcomer To The Mobile Marketplace, Spur, to Sponsor XDA:DevCon '14
Pebble Developer Challenge Round 1 Closes via
RT Epson Sponsoring XDA:DevCon '14
would love to speak to you about and our #xdadevcon14 conference in Manchester, Sept 26-28
would love to speak to you about and our #xdadevcon14 conference in Manchester, Sept 26-28
Ubuntu Back as Sponsor at xda:devcon '14
RT Last call for submissions for the Pebble / XDA Development contest! Ends at 5pm PST TODAY
Yeah that's my question for
RT Cell Phone SIM Unlock Bill Just Steps Away from President's Desk
What is the best way to get a Two Together railcard in advance since I am not in the UK?
RT XDA Partners with Pebble for Developer Challenge
RT MaR-V-iN to Talk Google and Android APIs at XDA:DevCon 2014
RT Explore and discuss #Sony #mobile #innovation with us at #xdadevcon 2014:
Mozilla's Alex Lakatos to Speak at xda:devcon '14
students requesting a discount may send an email to xdadevcon and we will reply with a discount code
RT XDA:Devcon 2014 Comes to the UK
Unless their falafels are really good... RT The rule is, not to besiege walled cities if it can possibly be avoided.
mine works great. Of course it's dim if you're not using it but once you tap the screen the IPS screen beats the AMOLED
RT Huh. There's a bite mark on the strap of my Samsung Gear Live strap. Says made in Uruguay on the back. #NoNotReally
Because the last bans worked out so well.... RT FIFA suspends Uruguay's Luis Suarez for nine matches, bans him for four months
LG Developer Event tonight before Google I/O.... Gearing up.
RT Tooth marks in Chiellini's shoulder? #URU #ITA
what about for someone else's pleasure?
what now?
Cheers! Looking forward to our trip in late September. Appreciate your assistance.
for a couple traveling to the UK from the US, from Manchester to Edinburgh, what is the best (and cheapest) option?
RT USA wins first World Cup game, defeating Ghana, 2-1
RT RIP Tony Gwynn. The MLB Hall of Famer hit over .300 in 18 straight seasons. Only Ty Cobb (23) had a longer streak.
RT Make sure to get your ticket soon to #xdadevcon14 - Use discount code LIMITEDTIME for 20% off -
Truth. RT The difference..
word.
But the real question is does she want to help you hide a body?
umm... Who are you again?
some things never change. Now if only he was wearing this while doing donuts in the church bus all those years ago
RT Your dad deserves this Tegra #FathersDay Bundle! Follow and RT to enter to win.
luckily schools are out for the summer
RT MediaTek Taking Steps to Be More Open
Play Store Permissions Change Opens Door to Rogue Apps | xda-developers
RT EXCLUSIVE: LG Developer Event to Highlight New SDKs for Developers
maybe not ON my phone, but I check to see if my OEM has new GPLv2 compliant (thus LEGAL) kernel updates. Because, you know, LAW
yeah... "Unrivaled"? Hah. Glad I never had a membership
Thanks for the #nostalgia -
FREE? Oh my goodness. 3 meals for tomorrow taken care of
I'm sorry, I think I missed that. Can you say it again to clarify?
RT Tobacco companies would've sold pot in the 70s if it was legal. Imagine the 70s with legal weed. It would’ve been...like t…
Deja vu anyone? RT revamp promises simpler sign-ups
RT Check out #xdadevcon14 packages and hotel reservation codes now live at
RT Portal and Half-Life 2 on the Nvida SHIELD! Win an Nvidia SHIELD! - XDA Developer TV
and the Greek name was due to Greek influence after the Hellenist occupation
In that time Aramaic was the commonly spoken language in the area - but they were Hebrew - hence listing Hebrew/Aramaic names
no as the stories and scriptures were translated the names were translated into the new language's equivalent. Yeshua = Joshua
those are obviously their English translated names.
would like to talk with you about a speaking opportunity at XDA's #xdadevcon14 in Manchester Sept 26-28 -
RT New post: Custom Hotwords From the Home Screen Google Now has become a great #custom_hotwords #google_…
That's a good thing!! RT Don't expect MediaTek to release chips that support Windows Phone in 2014 -
RT Jim Kelly is DONE with chemotherapy! #PrayersForJK
i love the look on the face of the guy watching this fail -
RT Join us this year at XDA:DevCon ’14 in Manchester, United Kingdom! -
Not quite "Anarchy in the UK", but close!
RT “The hardware design on this unit is beautiful. It’s like nothing I have ever seen before...” - #Find7
yeah Sprint is a terrible word to have to utter...
RUU comes direct from HTC. It is legit and not a custom ROM. You will continue to get OTAs direct from HTC
that particular build is not custom but HTCs own release with steps to convert your M8 to GPe or Sense. It's stock.
there is that potential with anything really. The key is to read, investigate what everyone is saying, and weed out ridiculous claims
wait... The Z wasn't supposed to be a "charge twice per day" phone?
But is it GPL-compliant? Maybe a quick &amp; easy read regarding obligations regarding Linux-kernel is in order -
awesome - include GPLv2 source code with your chips and be UBER-#inclusive &amp; compliant - easy reading at
Smooth glass would be awesome - as would adherence to GPLv2 licensing on your devices. Easy reading
and they "rock hard core"
RT Nature View for #Themer is dark with picturesque icon backgrounds. Mobile users get it here:
Today's a RUN-DMC listening work day -
RT See how the Postal Service killed Outbox, “This 30-minute meeting was the end of our business model.” Outbox Founders
will the sessions and presentations be available for download and review? #mobilemw
great presentation at #mobilemw - would like to be on Android beta
Great cup of coffee before #mobilemw at LatteLand Espresso &amp; Tea
My daughter's talking to me &amp; keeps looking at my chin - finally stops and says "You have gray in your beard." O.o
Mobile Midwest 2014 happening tomorrow and I am definitely looking forward to it #mobilemw
How Frozen Should Have Ended: via
My new gig - RT And we're live with our website -
ahh right. Dang good episode that's for sure.
scrubs is mine and my wife's favorite show to watch together. I too love how it mixes humor with soul-searching thoughts
RT Watch the replay of our webinar with and to learn all about #DevSecOps best practices. Find out how to…
They're both so good
While a shitpost, it still slaps
RT David Gea leaves an incredible legacy at 🇪🇸
RT Once a Red, ❤️ #MUFC
RT Forever a United legend. Thank you for everything, ❤️ #MUFC
RT So it looks like Rudy Giuliani, the cousin marrying, butt dialing, parking lot presser next to a dildo store holding, lie…
Very nice! Congrats Dom!
Frankly, that's almost unforgivable. Chips and salsa are fucking amazing.
I saw this documentary once that said that they can also sometimes be out of the water, and flying through the air.
Really honoured to be part of a great group of speakers and oeganizers for
So sorry Jess! Hopefully things turn around quickly with a good flight
RT We're well into summer here in KC, and a nice way to cool off is to chat about Code Reviews with and why develo…
You can get good 2nd-hand devices on
Sooo good! Saw them a few weeks ago and one of the best shows I've seen in a long time
RT If you find yourself in the midst of a major change to the architecture of your large software-intensive system on which y…
Beautiful things are created one stitch at a time
I don't know, I'm always sew busy
RT FIRST 100% OF NORTH KOREA VOTE FOR KIM JONG-UN! THEN 93% OF CRIMEA VOTE TO JOIN RUSSIA! DEMOCRACY NEVER FAILS TO AMAZE!
RT Bad news about that #BloodMoonEclipse folks ... that's no moon. #Eclipse #LunarEclipse
RT Mondays. This is not the day of the week you're looking for. You can go about your business. Move along.
been talked about and in the works for years
which bill this time? KS never fails to set the bar high
left my current company and off to a new adventure.
Going away party here I come Overland Park
RT My mouse seems to have gone on an adventure while I was working from home yesterday.
you're welcome. It was lonely.
Great 90's at Noon tune - brings back memories - "Love Spreads" -
Happy 11th Birthday to
nope and that isn't a phone :-D it is a Tablet
consider yourself one - - How to Spot a Quality Cafe -
I'm imagining the future at ! Join me
BOOM! Duke loses. Happy Day Friday. #ilovethetourney
Ahh ok I am halfway through the 2nd
how far into the show are you?
I like that it begins way AFTER the black out, showing how we would return to life without technology like horse pulling cars
Yes but will you adhere to GPLv2 legal requirements and release kernel source for your devices?
loved the first season - watched about half of the 2nd before getting bogged down with other stuff - need to pick it back up
RT Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC CPU, 3GB RAM, expendable storage, 13 megapixel Sony Exmor IMX214 sensor. #Find7 #RaiseTheBar
Please share and call for to honor their Linux kernel GPLv2 obligations
Seriously - ignore him - he and his ilk will go away - FWD: Please, People, Do Not Protest Fred Phelps’s Funeral
Putin has created a time machine and knew EXACTLY when to plan his military invasion/training exercises #TARDIS -
RT If only Bradley's arm was longer. Best photo ever. #oscars
Next time I hear someone say "Let's think outside of the box here" I will have to refrain from asking if they pooped
RT #tbt one of my greatest moments in life. Not only for me but for KU and my teammates.
well it is BGR - not exactly known for stellar reporting
RT Three of KU's ten straight Big 12 titles were won without a single returning starter from the prior year. Wow.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk - No. 5 Kansas defeats Oklahoma, 83-75; clinches 10th straight regular-season Big 12 title -via
I got Hawkeye! Which Avenger Are You? via
Hero? Magic?
That's the idea - it's meant to be that way - similar to the Office at times
Oppo's ColorOS is not as good as it could be - you'd end up using a different launcher/UI anyways. New launcher?
RT Today's startup idea: Uber for whacking people.
RT Only 126 days until Google I/O 2014, which will be June 25-26 in San Francisco. More details to follow next month includi…
RT Dear Twitterverse: Looking for new consulting or full time opportunities in tech/innovation arena. If you know of anything…
At least the Senate isn't too stupid - Kansas anti-gay bill: Republican senators admit it’s discrimination. -
anything for my little sister.
then you should get you some ear buds!
but no working earbuds? What kind of life is that?
interesting - wouldn't do any good if you had no ears...
word
I #blamethebritish for the beauty that is Sherlock and Downton Abbey
we seem to #blamethebritish for a lot so why should she stop with gun violence? There's also tea :-P
But everyone in the US is fine RT Outgoing NSA director: 'It's not our mission' to spy on everyone in the world
Ethiopia Sidamo and cranberry scone from makes Monday worth facing.
and yet your post is still...there....
ahh so strictly a coincidence that poster has your ID? =) Good to here - wouldn't want to think it was you
I am sure this is only a coincidence you requesting someone steal 's app #pirate #thief
meet - a good friend of mine and a great, professional copywriter
RT Duct tape. CC:
Excellent - thinking about that for my home office. Had it at one of my former jobs.
All in one place no less
what on earth is that thing?!??
RT New post: Tips to Getting Your Code Merged [Note: the below is adapted fr #code #development #gerrit
Take care mate. Your family is way more important than us idiots
RT The true power of social media comes down to who you are, if you use it to make the world a better place, or for hate.
That awkward moment when you're doing a gymnastics selfie outside your roommate's bathroom door -
awesome! Now get to work! :-D
RT One Year Later, Unlocking Your Phone Is Still A Crime via /r/technology
there goes the neighborhood
RT To keep yourself from becoming a victim of credit card theft, stop using credit cards. #ProTip
RT New post: At last, Galaxy Nexus GSM Receives KitKat Nightlies Whenever we have released post
Yep just saw. Congrats !!! That's awesome
Congrats on the new job! What's the skinny? Where you headed?
RT New post: Dev Diary: Making Android Multi-Window “Android isn’t made for multi #android #multi-window …
I don't think that's the car's fault...
It would be great if would #unlockexynos
you getting one? I can just see you driving into work
And still can shred on the guitar RT Jimmy Page turned 70 yesterday. Wow.
RT Achievement unlocked: Boot kitkat on mt6589 #oppo #r819
will need his vodka cranberry 's for sure
RT Dick Vitale Enthusiastic About Latest Al-Qaeda Plot #OurAnnualYear
RT New post: OmniROM 2013 Year in Review A lot has happened in the few, #2013 #2014 #babbq13
RT The most Kafkaesque paragraph from the #NSA ruling
I would say so, what with a couple championships under your belt! Congrats to all that you have accomplished in 2013!
Yes! RT The incredible Z Man sandwich at #OklahomaJoes #KansasCity
I thought only pussycats (#ksu) and hipsters used instagram
agreed it is spectacular, though it is hard to figure out your rotation :-D
RT New post: Samsung's Big Thing of 2013 Is Omni's Latest Nightly Samsung has sold over 40 milli #nightli…
RT Remarkable man, remarkable life:
Reform ECPA: Tell the Government to Get a Warrant
doing it right with a delicious Kenyan coffee
Watching #savingmrbanks with my wife on a date night! Woo hoo #SavingMrBanksSweeps
RT Considerably more Americans signed a petition to have me deported, than enrolled for Obamacare. I'd start panicking, Mr Pr…
OEMs Cause Android Security Issues... Why am I not surprised?
RT A wild root exploit for N1 appears
Go Hawks - FINAL - KANSAS(5) 94 DUKE(4) 83 - –via ScoreCenter (
I showed my support for the Doctor &amp; I'm helping to unlock sneak previews of the 50th Anniversary episode #SaveTheDay
RT This weekend: join hackers around the world for an Aaron Swartz Hackathon.
RT Patent trolls are picking on customers of off-the-shelf products. The Innovation Act will help put a stop to that:
I hate that!! RT That awkward moment when you get in a lightsaber battle with your best friend and he chops your legs off.
hope she is truly OK
RT New post: Update on Gerrit issue #gerrit
RT My #kitkat is better served with multiple windows
it's spectacular - just "put a bird on it!"
RT New post: Of Jelly Beans and KitKats With really only 2 weeks offic #android-4.3 #android-4.4 #jellybe…
RT Ok, i9300 needs some more work, but #omni 4.4 is running on my Nexus 7 right now
RT Gerrit is down everyone! We are mourning our hard drives. It will be back as soon as possible. Building is still available.
Interesting bit of news &amp; a long time coming if you ask me (which you didn't) - New Runtime Compiler in Android 4.4 -
RT Chiefs 8-0 ya'll! Way to go
yeah $2.96 right around the corner. Fantastic!
Thanks for the follow.
RT So it's been an amazing, unbelievable, awesome last 5 days since we announced #Omni. More on this @
RT Aviate isn't 'spying' on anyone, it's just being sloppy with your data #android
RT Check out our G+ Community @ and XDA General Discussion @
Arrowhead the loudest, fans break world record for outdoor sports stadium (137.5 decibels) vs. OAK –via ScoreCenter (
GO CHIEFS! NFL: FINAL - RAIDERS 7 CHIEFS 24 - –via ScoreCenter (
I like using Kayak for air tickets
RT There are 3 illegal characters in PHP: "P", "H" &amp; "P".
Listen to this interview and vote for Don Post - 10.02.13 DON POST | Free Johnny Dare -
Thanks! I have added you and will provide via DM when we're connected.
definitely very interesting. Is the presentation available somewhere?
hehe - they're made in China. =) Every Mac I have ever bought gets shipped from China. But if you like OSX then by all means.. =)
Seriously? It's really what a Mac is anyways! =) Made by someone else to certain specs, OS installed, then shipped
RT Tom Clancy on Congress: "Those people today have the best jobs they’re ever going to have. They’re failures."
then go with a Galago or Gazelle. Quiet, Haswell, highly configurable, built to run *nix, no Windows crap.. #winning
Yes... but why get a Mac? What's the use case?
Y U NO USE TWRP? Seriously - stop using CWM.
SPECIFICALLY, PACIFIC Rim was an enjoyable movie.
RT Watch the video about Don Post, then vote...every day. No one deserves this award more.
RT Next time you feel scared to do something, just think, "well if Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask to be my default …
RT Code like no one's ever going to have to maintain your project. Only then will you learn the true art of PHP.
"apparently"? You're going to need to do a better job at your choice of words as you get married. =) And congratulations
oh and the fact they can't secure their lockscreen or fingerprints.... but that's not a scandal, it's just BAU?
did he just get it back from Asus? Its not a TWRP issue.
RT And Focal is on the Play Store:
"twiddling [ bits"
RT Remember that one time you were stoked to give your fingerprints? Us either. #LazyPhone
You and me both! =)
Love it when a twitter-auth'ed app from probably years ago decides to spam about you losing weight. If only that were true... :/ Apologies.
Yep working on it.
someone spoofing my account...
trolling but are they back from their break yet?
looks like it has been resolved!
Nope. Not easing the wait. Must.Not.Obsess RT Blog post: Here’s some more Honami pics to ease the wait
sorry - I am unable to get you one at the special price. they are available full price through -
Might be able to help you out there
already following
give me some time to see what I can do
there were limits on how many people could buy at #xdadevcon13
i really like my chromecast though i haven't used it much since i got it
what are you looking for from I might be able to help
RT Thx Sponsors!
RT XDA:DevCon 2013 - Thanks are in Order #xdadevcon13
XDA:DevCon 2013 Event Roundup: #xdadevcon13
also help us understand what you are on about
how are we misunderstanding when u have done nothing but speak about what u think was discussed when u weren't there
OK so you haven't even seen the talk and you are trolling about it? Makes sense
had just started and most everyone was in the back
what are you on about?
that's very cool
is that the HTC GE or does the IR blaster only work on SenseUI?
RT #becauseracecar is no excuse. #Standards help fight the worst type of fragmentation: that of #usersatisfaction.
Awesomesauce!
RT finally getting to the I won, and realized it was the brand new XD, not the HD. Immediately adding IR to …
RT The light saber shall give us the force to beat the Patent Trolls! May the GPL be with you. #xdadevcon13
RT jcase security talk rocked #xdadevcon13 &lt;uses-permission android:name="SPEAK_CANDIDLY"&gt; &lt;provider android:name=…
RT Thanks for an absolutely awesome weekend #xdadevcon13 was an unforgettable experience!
I believe we were able to record the full session #xdadevcon13
RT Thanks to all Ofans who visited us at #xdadevcon13 in Miami. Hope you had a great time! We sure did!
RT Back in San Francisco after speaking at the first annual XDA:Dev-Con in Miami - thanks to and XDA for a great …
RT LOL at someurl.ru spoken by jcase during his security discussion at #xdadevcon13 Also:
we'll post the videos in the coming weeks. Impractical to do live stream with quality of hotel wifi
people like to sit in the back
My wife is the awesomest ever. #xdadevcon13 #starwars
(jcase) speaking at #xdadevcon13 on Android Vulnerabilities and Security
RT Our engineers are happy to give you a demonstration of #ColorROM on #Find5 at #xdadevcon13!
And so #xdadevcon13 begins
RT Getting the giveaways ready for #xdadevcon13 ... #nerdgasm (ft.
likewise #xdadevcon13
make it so
Morning Miami! #xdadevcon13 welcomes you
can't imagine why... =)
I thought that is all that would drink?
duly noted. Anything specific?
You sound jealous
only one? Lame.
August is National Coffee Month so make sure you support your local coffee shop (like in KC) and get a delicious cup
RT holds briefing to discuss its upcoming Android flavored camera -
thanks!
thanks mate.
Celebrating 12 years with my wife hmbirdy. I just absolutely love this woman and she never ceases to…
XDA:DevDB is HERE!
From on the petition - "Here's What We Have to Say About the Westboro Baptist Church"
Visit to 's cafe in Leawood over lunch for a delicious traditional cappuccino
are you interested in being involved in a conference for mobile development? #xdadevcon13
RT "When faster code makes your app slower" -
what is that on your face?
yeah - that's great!
Auschwitz was chosen for its central location to railway traffic
Yes they are - but basically across town and connected via rail
Birkenau is a short drive from Auschwitz...
"weird" is not even a good word for them
I'll be speaking at about Platform Engineering! Get your tickets now with 15% off using code NEWFRIENDS -
Figured I would just needle it a bit
Today's Image of the Day: Prelaunch Processing for Psyche -
RT Talk about the latest trends, best practices, and emerging styles in the world of #REST, #GraphQL, #RPC, &amp; more at the State…
RT What's new with us? Here are a few things... 📣 New UI for "steps" in CircleCI web app 🆕 Bootstrap project creation 🆕 Remote…
So I activated my thread account
RT We're all really hard on Elon, but really, who could've predicted that if he fired most of his employees they'd take their sk…
👋
OH: "pullups, yogurt, wipes, bananas" Someone's got a fun night planned
Ugh... I've not logged into Facebook in ~5+ years
Good thread on data around speed vs. testing
Today's Image of the Day: The Last Rays of an Orbital Sunset -
Shit, I missed this last night, otherwise would have toasted back with my wine glass. But you'll have to take my coffee mug and me this morning. To YOU and to LIFE!
Oh come on Sean! BeReal!
You would Sean. Also, what is it again?
I have another invite if anyone needs one
Sticker App or Sticker Giant
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s X-59 Makes a Critical Move -
After ~6 weeks without conference travel, I'll be heading to #RefactorDX next week in Toronto! There's still time to get a ticket, w/ 50% off using code "CIRCLECI" at
RT Wait, America... you were serious??
definitely do it and make sure you go over to Birkenau as well. I recommend getting a guide as well.
wow... They should be dropped off the face of the earth... I have been to Auschwitz 3 times and never did I smile
why not try ?
RT Today in Geek History: Spaceballs was released in 1987. May the Schwartz be with you!
congrats! Coming to #xdadevcon13?
RT XDA Tablet Z Competition Winners Announced!
RT Read incorrect oped in compare with 's oped &amp; my testimony:
Open to anyone and everyone. It's on the Portal - check it out.
oh it was duly noted - and you evidently missed the sarcasm in the reply
interesting idea - stay right by your computer, don't go anywhere, and wait for our word
RT Last chance to enter our contest to win a hotel room for 2 nights at XDA:DevCon!
RT Manage Individual App Permissions with XPrivacy
RT Last chance to enter our contest to win a hotel room for 2 nights at XDA:DevCon! We pick winners on Saturday.
RT I'm just going to leave this here ... (Re: DSLR Controller)
oh FFS
So excited!! CommunityManager Jono Bacon to Talk Ubuntu Unification at #xdadevcon13 –
Patent Attorney Daniel Nader to talk Patent Trolls at #xdadevcon13 -
Keep me posted.
ahh yeah. Understandable.
Flip it - what does this say about the investigations of institutions when the investigators get hired by those same institutions?
you planning on hitting up #xdadevcon13?
Great job - RT Sony Opens Up Smartwatch to Flash Custom Firmware
One more week to go in the Xperia Tablet Z Development Competition!
Awesome hotel with primed A/C, free food and lots of fun planned - and South Beach is minutes away!! #xdadevcon13 in MIA
RT so turns out Prism was just the codename for iCloud Keychain. Who knew?
RT iOS7 will probably be really awesome when they do the visual design.
XDA:DevCon 2013 Contest! #xdadevcon13 via
Paranoid Android Team Open Sources HALO via
RT 2 parts MIUI, dash of Sense, splash of #WP lock screen. Stir. Serve warm and covered in "innovation" donkey sauce. #ios7
Samsung, HTC and Google's UI Engineer's efforts highlighted and thanked.
So Apple decided #ios7 needed to look like, and have features from, HTC Sense and Samsung Touchwiz... NOW who's copying who Apple?
very underwhelming.. flat icons = fugly, use of primary colors = sickening, looks like Samsung Touchwiz for teenage girls
RT I believe now that my next phone will be an android device after watching WWDC 2013. #iOS7
RT And I thought TouchWiz was designed for teenage korean girls... Ain't nobody want to taste that ra…
xda-devcon is coming to Miami in August... If you want to get involved let me know
Umm No that implies it will be updated by &amp; sold by Google which it will not be. This is just a vanilla Android implementation
Given pandering to the US Gov on privacy, what is Sprint's statement on this
RT Verizon’s “Share Everything” plans just got a whole new meaning with latest NSA court order leak
first this - - now this ? Explain thyself please!
Since wasn't open this morning I hit up for a delicious cup of Costa Rica Terrazu.. Great cup!
Who? HTC?
RT I love how people read between the lines of a one-line tweet.
XDA Tablet Z Development Competition via
Hmm it seems something is brewing.... RT The future will be better tomorrow.
I am sure up hear that a lot from the Missus
and a back hand is almost as good as a kick in the arse...
I have nothing sexy for either of you
maybe... But I doubt it... I kinda like having them.
Well what do we have here.... Stay tuned for more info... :-) #spoilers
Any specials for my daughter's birthday today at your Shawnee location?
Incompetence knows no boundaries...
looking forward to having him speak at #xdadevcon13 -
The jokes will of course begin with "Apple's Maxi Pad"
Sony Mobile Sponsoring XDA:DevCon 2013 – #xdadevcon13
TWSS " Scientists say humans are made of stars that exploded long ago, that means there's a little Death Star in all of us."
Good for you. I will say I am a bit jealous
thanks for following. Any chance of getting GPLv2 kernel source for your cpu's?
What makes a Google Edition of the HTC One so appealing? Just another device without Sense.... RT (cont)
need to remember that
RT May is National BBQ month, National Hamburger month, National Salad month AND happens to be National Blood Pressure month…
RT YOUR 2013 WORLD BARISTA CHAMPION IS PETE LICATA! #WBC2013
Samsung, Samsung, Samsaung....
RT Pete Licata moved into the semi round among the top 12 baristas in the world. On the bar again at 5:45 pm CST tomorrow. G…
yep - a very (dis)functional one at that for sure =]
speak for yourself there....
RT Don't Manually Modify Your Eclipse Build Path... Except Now for R22 (covers the "Order and Export" f…
I can't DM you if you aren't following me. You can email me at jerdog
good luck at #wbc2013!
done. Did you get it?
Would like to discuss your involvement with #xdadevcon13 -
Would like to discuss your involvement with #xdadevcon13 -
Would like to discuss your involvement with #xdadevcon13 -
Well yeah they mega-reduced their "taxable income" RT Tim Cook: Apple pays 'all of the taxes we owe'
it does require a stiff drink
My youngest son just said he saw a TARDIS. #winningatparenting #doctorwho
RT Next Generation of Ultra Gesture Keyboard: TouchPal Wave! Just follow me and retweet this tweet to get beta version.
RT Google Glass FAQ Updated To Permit Loaning Explorer Edition Unit, Still Forbids Selling As It Is Not "In The...
anyone else still in town?
we are here till tomorrow as well
ahh Google Engineer After Party
where is it at?
we just made the back of the line :-D
Getting there soon with - save us spots :-D RT you too, beers!
Me likey!! RT SHIELD rocks Google I/O
- is a nice guy. Glad you met him at least.
Google I/O 2013 Keynote Notes – xda-developers
are you at Google I/o?
Today I joined the #MarchForInnovation. Join our coalition for smart #immigration reform now.
where are you?
where you at?
OK I think I am coming out now
RT Ok Google - well played. Well played. #IO13
Lunch somewhere?
we're in the back right of the audience - great view of the back screen
WORD!! - RT Meatup was kind of a bust, but chatting with and made for a good time.
where you at? What plans do you have?
what is your favorite coffee shop in San Francisco?
RT Andrew Wiggins, the top-ranked recruit in the country, selects Kansas #kubball #wiggins
been here since 930a and am Fisherman's Wharf right now
spectacular shop.... Great job
Join me on to discover new beers and locations!
"Pot meet kettle"..... RT Apple: Google Is Not a “Friend of the Court” in Samsung Case -
can't wait that is for sure
Any update on offering AT&amp;T SIM cards again?
Well that is obviously an option as well. To each his/her own.
Register for #xdadevcon13 before 5/31 and get 50% off your ticket! / /
RT McLemore "controversy" laughably silly: Arrogant of NCAA to call others "3rd parties" as if only NCAA …
congrats on new ownership. As a 10yr customer not being able to pay by Amex is a hindrance to me and others to come in
So proud of our CEO named 2013 Industry Person of the Year for leading Intouch Solutions and our clients.
brilliant as Daleks need not be discriminated against
hey you made some... Can't say the same for myself lol
Oppo Find 5 Receiving Open Source Project Love – xda-developers
We showed up #withguts for Men's basketball in the KCCC Tune Up League
RT Introducing XDA:DevCon - A Conference For Developers By Developers #xdadevcon13
'rooted' is a good term, though just stating that it can be unlocked via fastboot works too.. Google intended it =)
Fastboot oem unlock doth not a hack make... RT #Google #Glass already hacked...
You liked your own video?
you still looking for sponsors for Meatup.io?
thanks Chainfire.
I personally won't be giving anything of note - however people like and more are well worth it
he ( ) does have a point. It's times like these you have to think outside the box as it were
yep - I hear you. Well hope it happens.
DM me as I am the person you are looking for
hah - if only I could. wait 7 days and the price will go down to under $1200 usd :)
you going to try and come to #xdadevcon13?
RT Will be talking about vulnerabilities (read big derps) in Android firmware, including Cyanogenmod, Superuser, Kindle fire e…
registration is open to all, and for the price you'll be hard-pressed to find a better group of speakers
Introducing #xdadevcon13 – A Conference For Developers By Developers via
Manchester United - Premier League #champions2013 behind 's hat trick
great! Good luck
the power off button
What's up " Apparently nobody reads or gives a shit. Oh well, moving on. Need to (cont)
correct the Patriot Act allows for this as his classification is a terrorist.
RT ATTENTION, RACISTS: The Boston bombing suspects are from the actual Caucasus region, meaning they *literally could not …
5 viral stories about Boston attacks that aren't true
XDA Molded Case for HTC One Available Now – xda-developers
XDA-University: Getting Started – xda-developers
RT "My dear son Martin...": Read the statement released by father of 8-year-old victim
"I'll buy a shell of you?" - What kind of sorcery is this? You want to buy his skin? What are you going to do with it?
Any update on AT&amp;T SIM cards being available again?
wait a few mins before shooting down for selling such a wonderful.. [hah] I couldn't keep a straight face any longer
RT it's not on contact anymore. You should unlock it. You have no authority over it anymore.
Reason to do Prepaid GSM like RE: when it comes to unlocking (cont)
RT NCAA Director of Enforcement leaves for Auburn: I wonder if NCAA Prez noticed, as he just left the ...
NCAA's Enforcement Dir leaving for Auburn? Yeah that is not suspicious at all.
This is really a ridiculous question as there is no "best" - "best" what? " best rom for galaxy s3 Sprint?"
Awesome job Pete! Way to represent Kansas City.
WOO-HOO!! Congrats to my friend RT YOUR 2013 #USBC CHAMPION IS PETE LICATA!
Congrats to RT 4. Dean Kallivrousis, Parisi Coffee, KCMO – #BrewersCup
RT ERIN MCCARTHY IS YOUR 2013 #BREWERSCUP CHAMP!
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." Henry David Thoreau
This! =&gt; Give a man a fish he'll eat for a day, give a man a lightsaber and he can eat everybody else's fish.
RT Congratulations to Pete Licata for making the finals in the USBC!
bring it on. Will be a great time that's for sure
CyanogenMod Stats: Why You Should Opt-In – xda-developers
XDA and Google Announce iOS Device Tracker – xda-developers
Happy 10th Birthday today! 25% off all espresso drinks!
RT Exclusive: Samsung Galaxy S4 Contract Prices and Sim Free for the UK
A brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 2 awaits, is GIVING one away!
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK GO KU!!! - NCAAM: FINAL - NORTH CAROLINA(8) 58 vs. KANSAS(1) 70 via
Grid layout wordpress theme by
RT This article on the genius of by Joe Posnaski is a pre-game must read... #kubball
If you are using Axure for UI prototyping, check out the Android Axure Stencil by for
wow - lose e-peen much? has more knowledge of Android and impact and contributions than your stupidity
RT I hope you didn’t expect that $100 HTC Trade-In credit
RT I'm often asked to name the most dominant CFB team in my 25 years covering. Easy: '95 Osborne team that put 62 on FLA to r ...
I see him in the costume WHILE shooting his shot in the 2008 NCAA Championship Game
RT Careers in Android: Resumes Don’t Work on the Internet – XDA Developer TV
when will you sell AT&amp;T SIM cards again?
6 years for me - first smartphone was a PalmOS device then a Treo 700
RT News that White House supports unlocking is terrific - sign up on our brand new website to stay involved: ...
Inspirational video by Zuckerberg, Dorsey &amp; other heroes. #CODE
Words to code by RT Dear custom ROM/root app devs: please use common sense. That is all.
RT Dear custom ROM/root app devs: please use common sense. That is all.
thanks for adding me on LinkedIn - I just sent you a message there
You speak like someone with knowledge on the subject.
Never hurts to ask that's for sure.
hah - good luck!
RT Do you love all things mobile? We've got part-time Sales Consultant roles which may be perfect for you:
one is single use :-D
a casket or a gravestone
do you mind emailing me at jerdog and I can share what I am thinking?
Will definitely check it out
Congrats mate! Proud of you!
I sent you a DM - did you get it?
What is the best way to get ahold of you about teaching mobile dev to a group?
well said mate.
you are obviously someone who is butthurt and has an axe to grind. &lt;/story&gt;
think what u want but XDA has to protect itself against piracy, legal liabilities &amp; cretins. Devs who won't adhere may leave
this IS the linux kernel &lt;/story&gt; That's what we r talking about not some hair-brained idea to create a new boot 4 Android
That's fucking spectacular
'MURICA #fireworks
Happy Independence Day
Dmit!!
RT Reminder that the SAT was literally created bc too many students of color were getting into college. The creator of it publis…
No, autocorrect, I did not in fact mean "motherduckers"
I made sure to make up for it
Solid meal right there
Right? Gimme that full slab of ribs
Dinner time, #iykyk #KCBBQ
I escaped from the fireworks tent unscathed
Today's Image of the Day: A Full Moon Illuminates Artemis I -
RT 1/3 If you consider growing your technical expertise in backend Node.js development - here's one take in an applied form tha…
It's why I use a hammock when camping
Luckily I restrained myself
I know, right?
RT A bigger SCOTUS scandal than private planes and billionaires.
Why would they? They would open themselves up to countersuits based on the fact they weren't first to market on it either.
Care to explain what moronic notions you are on about? you may not care about GPL but &amp; GPLv2 care about you.
argument is invalid to YOU because you choose to support those who choose not to adhere to the GPLv2.
just because the speed limit says 65 but no one follows it doesn't mean it's not a law. read the #gpl
GPLv2 does not have 120 day window for release. It says source avail on binary distro
Blocking Mode was on Samsung &amp; Android before iOS and Apple didn't invent voice recognition. Please remove lips from Apple's arse
sounds like you need to stop using the neighbors WiFi
have you thought about working with XDA-Developers?
questions are ok; giving the GPLv2 (&amp; the OSS world) the finger because you cba is not.
kindly show where the GPLv2 says 120days. pay attn to Sec2 &amp; 3
XDA Makes Swappa Its Official Marketplace – xda-developers
No RT " Samsung Will Launch the First Tizen Smartphone Later This Year, Is this a Threat to Android?
Look what I am selling on Samsung Infuse 4G in good shape and ready to be shipped.
RT Know anyone still using eBay to buy/sell used #Android devices? Really? RT to tell them about Swappa:
RT Chemex Quality Control Kit from PT's Coffee Roasting Co. Mobile Site:
Ubuntu Touch: Next Generation OS or Just Another Skin? – xda-developers
Porting Ubuntu Touch is as Simple as Building CM – xda-developers
welcome to the US carriers and their stranglehold of the market and choice
Hmm - you know what? you might be right. I saw "Jelly Bean" and assumed 4.2.1, but have you seen an official version number yet?
but that also means it won't be getting an update to 4.2.2 until next year if HTC's track record is any indication
Well admittedly 4.2.2 came out last week... the HTC One will ship with 4.2.1 and they couldn't have 4.2.2 on it already.
needs to actually sell and market and be more open before they'll come close to matching
It's not a Samsung so he doesn't know what to do with it
took you long enough....
#CISPA is back A law that violates your basic right 2 privacy. Sign &amp; share this petition 2 stop it:
Stop CISPA (Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act)
what's so wrong with a little shock? You might find out you like it
use the hash tag #raiseto100k The Final Push: The Road to 100,000 Signatures – Help Us Stop CTIA! -
The Final Push: The Road to 100,000 Signatures – Help Us Stop CTIA! – xda-developers
Great work on bringing to light issues with #DMCA - here is another great article on this issue #xda
RT Librarian of Congress decided it's illegal to unlock your cell phone. Bad for military, travelers, &amp; consumers. ...
RT "Android 4.x" - great way to hide the fact that the ODROID BSPs are vastly out of date. Still using obso ...
Sony Developers Share Open Source Tool for Debugging and Fine-Tuning Your Apps –
Samsung does have a history of doing this honestly - the difference is their kernel source is notoriously missing key pieces
Great work! Sony Xperia Z Kernel Source Released Prior to Worldwide Device Launch –
Sony Xperia Z Kernel Source Released Prior to Worldwide Device Launch – xda-developers
Make Your Voice Heard – Vote on the Next XDA Cases – xda-developers
No worries mate! Thanks for keeping us on our toes!
which is great - was just providing with a link to where we had discussed this already
talked about this a few weeks ago
hah - yeah I totally understand.
Looking to get one on XDA via the Marketplace? That's been closed now for the last month or so.
Yeah had them throttle me for a bit for no reason until I called and asked them to prove how I was in violation
I switched to and couldn't be happier
One of the best coffee shops in Kansas City RT Aaaaand after almost a three year social networking hiatus, we're back! W00t!
was written well before the thread was created... I will update it later
Browse and Search the AOSP, Linux, and CM Sources Online – xda-developers
just keep up the good work embracing the community
Almost 40 days since JB build v3.14.401.x for HTC ONE X was released... still no GPL source. #fail
RT The lights won't be going off again I promise. But as a precaution please count your shadows. Thank you. #DoctorWho #S ...
so is that a yes?
TRM you come back and I am sure Timmy will let you carry his pitch fork
indeed
Looper was good... and I really liked Inglorious Basterds
we need more witcb hunts to control the noobs...
"Where oh where is the HTC One X v3.14.401.x kernel source.. oh where oh where could it be?" #gpl #fail
I didnt say it had to be within 30 days. I said it had been more than 30 days since binary release.
It's really quite sad that HTC can't release source when other OEMs can do it on release of SW version.
Build v3.14.401.x was released for the HTC One X over 30 days ago and still no kernel source code. #gpl
Galaxy Note 10.1 Receives Official CM10.1 Nightlies – xda-developers
RT Apple no longer among the twenty most trusted corporate names -
Word. Have done this and it works RT Why you should work from a coffee shop, even when you have an office:
RT A call for NCAA to dismiss its Prez: Accountability only for coaches, athletes? Nice to be "in charge ...
There are two words for you at the end of this great article. Can you find them? -
RT Thank You CTIA for Setting the US Cell Phone Market Back 10 Years
Delicious cappuccino here ... Best traditional I have had in a long time. I really recommend these guys.
Agreed! Happy Birthday!! RT Happy Birthday Fred! (@ Flying Monkey Handcrafted Coffee w/ 3 others) [pic]:
rm - rf *. * RT OK - how the feck do you un-install a Metro (modern UI) app ???
Yep Amazing what happens when you make a device for the community to do what they want RT but the best was (and is) the HD2
Yep way down to the gutters RT The first Windows Mobile Smartphone was our 2002 SPV. Oh, how far we've come: #HTC8
a 5" smartphone like the Z with an open bootloader.
thanks but I am far from awesome. Thanks for supporting
An Official Alpha Release WITH Kernel Source? Who Does This Sort of Thing? – xda-developers
Maybe you should pay attention to how works with the community -
I just earned the 'Newbie' badge on
Looking forward to #stpatricksday with a delicious Irish Ale from in Kansas City
Great work with releasing the Alpha and KERNEL source for the Alpha for the XperiaT
RT Uh, sorry Atlanta, but that was not a completion. Ground + ball = no catch.
Congrats!! of Parisi Coffee is your 2013 South Central Barista Champion! #bcrbc
RT Pete Licata of Parisi Coffee is your 2013 South Central Barista Champion! #bcrbc
RT "To experience, recreate and give something new to you is a great thing." of #bcrbc #time
good luck today! Let's connect soon.
No turn it up louder RT Testing..........is this thing on?
Bubby would definitely know... If not him you could ask his dad...
Fix at via RT OTA? No Way! Latest VZW Galaxy Note 2 Update Locks Developers Out
never used Cinnamon... Heard too many people having issues after they started actually using it as a widow mgr
That's why I use KDE. Much better IMO
Which Linux Mint 14 did you use? The KDE version works nicely and I haven't noticed anything untoward.
RT Is there a reason your nand/wifi/rk30 drivers in your kernels are "blobbed"? Could you release these per y ...
Absolutely delicious cup of coffee from and the Los Delirios farm in Nicaragua. Get it at
Digital Rage: The WAN That Rocks the Cradle via
Due to your violations of #GPL, you could be hauled into court or jailed. We wouldn't want that would we?
Old version lacks the customization, while the new version adds the new features to give the user the control.
actually - are you referring to the current Stamina mode or the new version to appear on the Xperia Z?
the user is free to whitelist certain features &amp; applications that won't be affected by Stamina, such as Wi-Fi, etc. User control!
Yes, Yes you are the only one. Why do you think it's bad?
RT Check out Swappa if you're an #Android app dev looking for cheap, no contract devices for development and testing. ...
it's great you are releasing new products, but please provide info into #GPL obligations for your kernel source on rk3066
RT If enumerating UsbDevice's through UsbManager, be sure to check if &lt;UsbDevice&gt;.getDeviceName() file exists. Andr ...
- Ben McLemore banks in 3-pointer with 1 second left, No. 6 Kansas, Iowa St head into OT;
I bet you did Andy! Did it have udders?
it was obligatory
so Andy is in the Chiefs costume, but what exactly are you wearing?
Hooray!
Good step forward RT Chiefs, Pioli Part Ways - #Chiefs
Let's slow down on all this Entropy Seed Generator hype shall we?
thanks for mentioning us on your article
So the can Crennel but keep Pioli? Not sure that makes sense to only fire one.. who has made the decisions to get the Chiefs here?
RT Contest ends tomorrow: Win a Samsung Galaxy Note II
oh man that sucks. A real hero and someone who gave of themselves in the service of their country for so many years
Who is that "He was one of the best of all time"
WIN an iPad mini from the #giveaway at review by
something tells me that is not what she said....
Is it clean ? "People calling me a fair-weather #Seahawks fan can kiss my Shawn Alexander signed jersey from 2005."
This! RT Good thing about not having guests for Christmas: the house can still be a total mess at 5pm on Christmas Eve and it's OK.
And locked bootloader makes it irrelevant in comparison to other powerhouses
the real issue points more to the lack of ability America has in dealing with mental health not gun ownership
RT Instagram should add a function where if you retake a bad pic of yourself 10 times it locks you out for a day &amp; posts ...
Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group.
yeah more chances of them losing out than winning out... Sad there isn't a QB this year worthy or a #1 pick
so regardless what happens the rest of the season?
THIS!! RT It may be illegal, but it doesn't mean it's wrong. Thanks to for hacking the Westboro Facist Church.
Boom!! Take them out! RT #Anonymous message to the Westboro Baptist Church - #OpWBC #WBC"
RT Seriously folks, please read &amp; RT this - -
RT Could you all please read &amp; RT this - -
I have helped a few people from the EU get a Nexus device.... Not sure if £200 would cover it though
Y U KNOW ASK ME TO DISTRIBUTE
will see what I can do
Grabbing a burger @ Shake Shack in Times Square -
I think you missed the hint..... O.O
Should have talked to an American about getting you one RT I had hoped an N4 would be getable for £200 around Feb.....
RT An MIT professor said Windows 8 is a gift you should get for someone you hate. So you've got competition, Edible Arrang ...
that was a very rude and distasteful and degrading to all God's children retweet
Absolutely delicious. One of the top 5 roasters in the nation. Stumptown Coffee Roasters
In New York City for the first time...
RT To be specific, no kernel source for JB release per GPL, also no platform source (devboards should have t ...
RT Why do you keep linking to a known GPL violator? No source for
happy birthday a day early in case I forget tomorrow
Awesome Cases and Shirts - CHEAP! XDA &amp; Cruzerlite Team Up to Offer XDA-Developers Shirts and Cases! –
This. RT Some people can insult you dozens of times, and still think there's some other reason you don't like them... :)
ThePete can do that WHILE pouring a beautiful rosetta RT Only if I can juggle flaming axes
Legally should be released on device release HOT: HTC Outs Droid DNA's Kernel Source Code #android #news
RT K.C. Twitches! Want FREE tkts to my shows this weekend RT this for chance to win! #Ka ...
Same thing happened for me - but I had some impressions on the aluminum around the screen - but that's it. No scratches
move away from Windows Phone and maybe you won't have any Hotmail issues
ROFL - LIES RT bubby323 is 18 now? :P
Y U STILL USE HOTSPAM? Y U spam me with hotmail spam? lol..looks like your hotmail account got hijacked mate...
Agreed - though I agree more with your original assessment than this re-eval. RT Nice take
wait for them to request the airvana. You'll save a bunch of money either way so she should be happy.
good deal mate.
it'll be the whole account, and you'll have 30 days.
anything over 300MB puts you on their radar. Three months of that and you'll get yourself a nice "Good-bye Letter"
who is that?
That sucks big time. RT Just caught a high level of cheating on a Nexus 4 poll at Rootz. Pathetic.
At least you're not a Chiefs fan #kcchiefs RT Sanchez picked again. This can't end soon enough. #Jets
The 10-post restriction has been removed - ping me on XDA to discuss the RD status - “ thanks jerdog!”
definitely seemed to be some questionable calls tonight
clock had stopped &amp; they were set &amp; then clock started backup. called what looked to be the right play.. But bad luck w/ tip.
i will check on it
at 4secs on the clock when he catches the ball and goes down, they have no chance to assemble and spike the ball.
Yes please do. RT Throw your lightsabers in the air and wave them like you just don't care.
None of the codes work now. :-( RT darn it. No free stuff for me then.
impressive price if you can get them in your vicinity... I am just done with the archaic CDMA tech
you getting ready to leave Sprint? I couldn't be happier now that I am on Straight Talk
Would pay to see that though... “ Man, I am a whiny bitch when sick. I would kick my ass, but ...
my wife's is on backorder so it will ship soon
RT Vilynx - Manage Your Videos Across Devices
Absolutely spot on app review “ Ninpo Reviews: PGP SMS Lite #ninporeviews #pgpsms #android”
YES! I was listed first! Thanks mate. And Happy Thanksgiving to you all
Congrats - great job! RT Son just told me if he found a girl that liked BBQ he would marry her. My work here is done.
took you long enough to figure it out
John can be just plain touchy... Don't get too close or else
jerdog
That's what she said mate
very disappointed I haven't gotten an invite just yet
names their "OEM of the Year" -
Oh Privacy, Where Art Thou? – xda-developers
stop the telecoms leasing public spectrum from falsely advertising "unlimited" data &amp; restricting how we use that data.
"HTC DLX - heading to Asian in early December"? Can we find out which particular one so we can get a first-hand look?
- S-Memo Stores Google Account Passwords in Clear Text, Viewable When Rooted –
S-Memo Stores Google Account Passwords in Clear Text, Viewable When Rooted – xda-developers
Sunset with rain
fond memories.
Chainfire Drops Some Superuser Knowledge – xda-developers
“ “ BREAKING: Apple Maps projecting Barack Obama to win Brazil.””
I don't remember :-) - i will try and find out “ My OTA antenna sucks. Which one do you use?”
“ Oh hi Todd Aikin! Turns out when a rape apologist runs 4 Senate, the voters of Missouri have a way of shutting that whole thing down”
just use OTA Broadcasts and Google's election results online, which is helping our cable-free lifestyle
I predict the predictions will be predicting predictions tonight
Ordered!! “ [Deal Alert] Official Samsung Infuse 4G Dock (Fits the Galaxy S3 Too) On Sale For $5 At AT&amp;T
? RT Note: Exynos4210 based boards are not covered by this tree. #insignal Goodbye Galaxy S2?
I just reported my voting experience with Do the same:
Great breakup letter - DEAR APPLE: I'm Leaving You via
“Apology” Didn’t Cut It; Apple Ordered to Really Apologize – xda-developers
alive and well and now back in my home town. For Philadelphia it wasn't bad at all.
RT We will donate 20% of sale proceeds from 1-12 November to Red Cross, to help Hurricane Sandy victims. Details: ...
The pilot and stewardess in their costumes on the plane today. He was something and she was Dorothy from the
I should not be allowed anywhere near a fireworks tent
Always knew you had rose-coloured glasses
💩
RT People who are neither Black nor gay telling us that the Supreme Court is actually very moderate and very cool makes sense whe…
I'll DM your code
RT Twitter was only rated for 1,300 tweeters below sea level but some genius decided to take it to 4K to see a wreck.
Wow! I can't imagine the feeling, but I'm so glad everyone was ok!
Perfect. I can't DM them so I'll hit you up
I have one if Taylor doesn't
I have 2 bsky invites if anyone wants one
And accurate all at the same time!
RT ....wait a minute. this site went down at exactly 9am Eastern on the 1st of the month, the day after Twitter refused to p…
Yeah, I haven't really posted or been on there much recently. Just been busy, and hard to keep the context switching always going
Oh yeah there are a lot
RT in current Twitter Space: Elon has "completely destroyed Twitter's utility for journalists" Thank you, I've b…
With all this Twitter bullshit from Elon, might as well drop my other spots to chat and connect - jerdog(dot)dev on 🟦☁️ - jerdog on 🦣 - jerdog on Post and CounterSocial
Yeah, I'm so glad Elon got rid of the bots.
Always nice to confirm to everyone that you have absolutely no idea what the fuck you're doing, and are in fact a complete and utterly incompetent fool
Hah, and now he's raising it, because he's a fucking idiot and doesn't know what he's doing and is just throwing things out to see what works
watch your bill... They hide the notices in there
I need to check with some folks but I got off sprint in March after using too much unlimited =)
wait for a contract change and get out.
RT Kind of hard to maintain your image as a ruthless, planet-destroying Galactic Empire when your new boss is a mouse. #St ...
So your 3rd quarter results are bad.. re-embrace the developer community and become completely open and see what happens. Can't hurt
- I am at an Irish pub drinking Guinness and eating fish and chips. This storm is terrible #sandy
RT I'm just leaving this ADW here with love, really.
You're out of power? That sucks - power is nice and functional here at the hotel.
Thanks Binny - there's an Irish pub down the street open... guess where I am spending the next few hours? =)
In Philly on business. I forgot you lived in this area. Staying at the DoubleTree and it's #openinphl.
Even in a hurricane you can get a good burger. #Sandy
thanks for the shout out. Missed chatting at the BBQ last weekend and checking out the MetaWatch
what it's missing is called "Pure Android".... Other than that nice decent tablets.
Good to see your consulting take off!
Currently I am at 30,000 feet or so using to connect to the internet while flying
Very helpful for those who lose their decrypt pw - Changing Android's disk encryption password
Great reading - ICS Credential Storage Implementation
An “Apology” Like No Other – xda-developers
RT Currently downloading Windows 8:
Well there's Negri ( Expansys, Ebay, etc.
you might find this G+ post interesting -
RT ANDROID: Big Android BBQ – Meet the XDA Moderator Team – XDA Developer TV
Plenty were sunk mate - RT Have fun with your talk Jer. Then sink a couple of cold ones for me.
great work at this weekend. What a difference a year makes. Thanks for helping with our session
seriously? "Sponsored by HTC" doesn't mean you let a partner pay. You (cont)
next year come and get your own freebies!!! Drinks on
#babbq drinks
Y U NO GIVE DRINKS AS PROMISED $5 cash bar and locked bootloaders doth not make developers happy.
rocking the #htcone
great work at the giving away devices
htc devices have always been sturdy for me
The Pool Party last night was great and the sessions start today. #xdadevelopers #BigAndroidBBQ
are you going to be at the #bigandroidbbq next weekend?
Samsung &amp; Google are working on new Exynos kernel in the Google source code - means at least Samsung will also have a new Nexus
Following you - what you got for us? =)
the Note 10.1 is awesome. Especially with its capacitive stylus
it's not a virus, nor does it affect only Samsung phones. Samsung fixed it for the S3 over a month ago. HTC hasn't fixed it.
A roasting profile app has definitely been on my radar a well
I have you on Google Plus too so I will get in touch
if you use XDA send me a PM on there and let's talk about this. It has been on my mind for awhile anyways.
disregard my last question about which device you had.... Just read this tweet.
what coffee apps for Android would you be interested in? And what Android device are you using?
figure my avatar will work just nicely
thanks...
Not that anyone really cares, but I changed my Twitter ID to jerdogxda
HAH nope - don't you know that's the first rule of development? U NO ASK FOR ETAS!
I've entered the #Amzer Google Nexus 7 giveaway on powered by You too can enter at
I'm checking out a brand new Twitter app for Android. Looks pretty cool so far.
Tired of #git and #github pull requests ? Get #private #git with code review for FREE
RT Oh, if I win the iPad, I'll smash it to pieces and film it. Hammer and concrete floor will be involved.
RT Everyone follow and RT this, I can win an iPad ;) Need about 15 RT's on this to get the lead :D
2 cans with a wire between. =) And a Motorola pager
I have owned 6
Hell, the number of times I've seen this mentioned today makes me think it's "views" not "reads"
What's a bit unclear is if that "read" is the same as "view"? Just a fucking shit show as this point either way.
RT The Supreme Court is supposed to be an unbiased body that makes their rulings based on the laws of our land and judici…
RT The other irony: she’s not actually Christian and Jesus doesn’t share her mean, shitty, anti LGBTQ hangups.
I feel this... 🧸
Is there any pause between "v's" there Paul? Or is it just rattled off in one breath?
RT They screwed over women. They screwed over LGBTQ folks. They screwed over younger folks. They screwed over people of col…
If you know any Security Engineers, we're hiring for a few roles here at CircleCI: - Remote US Sr Staff Security Engineer ( - Remote US/Canada Security Engineering Manager (
RT the idea that intergenerational transmission of privilege can be meaningfully disrupted by scrapping legacy admissions see…
Yeah, it's really goooood
Damn right
I'm a few episodes in on Silo, trying to get hooked
Yeah... Idiot.
RT To recap, this MAGA Supreme Court has: 1. Allowed states to criminalize abortion even in cases of rape, incest 2. Allow…
Wow - Elon really doesn't want Twitter to be successful. Continuing his greatest hits of "How to royally fuck up a service" is the utterly stupid choice to require a login to view tweets. That _literally_ lowers viewers and revenue, and cuts organic traffic.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Checks in on a Galactic Neighbor -
Yeah, and I haven't even been able to start watching. FML
It is, of course, dub dub dub 3 men in a tub
RT Back in the day, some folks wanted me to play Superman. Thanks to AI, here you go! #superhand
RT "school lunch debt" isn't a phrase that should exist
RT Today is National Voter Registration Day! Take a few minutes to visit and make sure you’re registe…
I simply love this Matty.
Yeah, this is one of those days
Lol it starts slow, but then damn.
Just started watching Season 1 of "The Old Man" with Jeff Bridges on Hulu.... Daaaamn... That first episode is dope!
Awesome! I'm there from the 22nd-26th, so let's meet up!
Really love how easy it is to get started with and their #PostgreSQL Stacks, and the team was really receptive to the feedback around their initial onboarding process that I submitted via their Slack community. Kudos to the whole team there. 👏
RT "The AI Compliance Dumpster Fire"....
RT Looking for some good #DevOps content to start your week? Or did you miss #DevOpsDaysKC 2024? We've got you covered with…
I've got a whole new view on life today. I cleaned my laptop screen. 😬
RT Let's talk about how to shop for a suit if you're a horse. But first, which do you think looks better? 🧵
Looking forward to my first #DevOpsDays Portugal, and my first time in Porto, where I'll be speaking on #devex and standardizing your pipelines! Who's joining me? Grab your ticket at
Yep, same.
Sometimes mental health is me posting song lyrics in the moment that match what I'm feeling.
YAY! Congrats Karin!!! 🎉👏🎊
On a DIME! Mahomes to Rice for TD #ChiefsKingdom
I actually had them when I was a kid with my grandpa, who also introduced me to canned sardines.
After watching a little of the Raiders vs Ravens game while waiting for the #Chiefs game, I'm stunned to ask the question: Are the Raiders really this good, or are the Ravens really this bad? Both can be of course true. But I did not expect to be asking this question.
When Billy Joel's original came out in 1989 (I was 13), I remember feeling _some_ emotion around the events mentioned &amp; the tag line "we didn't light it, but we tried to fight it". Fall Out Boy's updated ver is 🔥 &amp; the new tagline floods the emotions
Paging
Not gone through it per say (had a phone die and lost my 2FA), but it's why I love MFA as a rule, giving me options (app, keys, smoke signals, etc)
I'd like to say it gets better.
Just over here multitasking with my #PixelFold, watching ( and browsing this hellhole.
RT I think it would take me 100 pages of writing to even *begin* to circumscribe how staggeringly disingenuous the SCOTUS ru…
👁️💀
That's got to be a large percentage of that, because Office is still Microsoft's bread and butter. They throw Azure into deals in order to get the Enterprise contracts. You of course know all of this though.
It is what it is...
Easier to "ask" for forgiveness than permission 😜🙌👍
Oh yeah, this is bringing back memories
I used to... I wonder if I still do
Oh the joy to be had lol
In 1 month I will have 2 in college at the same time, and will be paying for 2 for the next 5 years, and for at least 1 in college for the next 7. I feel this so much.
Yep. brisket and burnt ends
Why am I just now finding out #TheWitcher Season 3 is now out?
A nice warm and a nap.
Stretch that neck out
It's a nice treat for sure. Luckily I can just drive 15min.
Oh Homer I'm so sorry 😥😢
Nice, yeah Playwright is good from what I've heard!
If anything just to get Fury's knees unlocked
Alright tech twitter... What test frameworks out there are you using, are your favourites, or you're aware of? I know about Mocha, but what are some others, including for mobile? Please RT for reach
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Heat Shield Installed -
Yeah, probably a good thing. Wouldn't want to leave a bitter taste.
The developer wanted to though
You were definitely missed!
RT In this ebook 📖, you can learn how to: 1️⃣ Approach Continuous Integration for microservices, #Kubernetes &amp; serverless…
Today's Image of the Day: Rising to the Challenge: NASA TechRise Student Teams Take Flight -
Next time friend.
Heh, yeah that came out of nowhere and I threw it in there. So fun to do.
Last Thurs night, after the After Party, a group of us (will try to tag) hit up for some conference Karaoke. For over 3 hours we sang and had a great time together, and I just noticed today that they sent us our playlist. So - I share it with all of you!
RT I spent most of my career working for and contracting at companies you never heard of. Technology is needed everywhere.…
Damn that sounds amazing! A fitting birthday dinner for you Hawthorne
Sounds like a good time
I mean, you did just turn 51... So was it the "farm upstate"?
This is a masterpiece
RT I’ll say it again…start looking for tech jobs in local startups, non-tech and non-big tech companies because they ARE hir…
RT Are you ready to dive into the world of #Kubernetes? 🚀 Don't miss the opportunity to speak at Kubernetes Community Day Texas!…
Back to basics. 👍👍
Sounds perfect. Which fine whiskey did you use?
It's sooo good!
Yes! Love Amsterdam!
Yesss it works so well. What is your preferred recipe?
You definitely want to support this community-run JavaScript conference.
And a perm
Happy Birthday Hezekiah! Those Snapchat smoothing filters working wonders!
Today's Image of the Day: Sunning at Kennedy -
Is that with a hard g (like GIF) or soft g (like geranium)?
RT Chris is good people. Hire this one.
Wow! Congrats Kelsey! What an impact and a difference you have made. Enjoy this next chapter!
And my Fold is waiting for UPS to pick it up!!
Today's Image of the Day: Exploring Climate Data in a New Way -
I've been to my fair share of concerts, and I gotta say #FallOutBoy is killing it with the pyrotechnics 🧨
RT I have over 400 hours of experience playing Civilization V. Vladimir Putin should have known that when his national happin…
RT Whoa. Adam Kinzinger on CNN right now: “This is a massive blow to the Russian republic and a massive blow to their milit…
No but I'll take a listen
Passwords need to die a horrible death
RT “Absolutely disgusting, disgraceful, incompetent, ridiculous, greedy, mercenary bastards!” 🤬 on the c…
DOM! WTF dude? Why didn't you tell me?
Well to start with there's
Wow! That's a great change. There are some really cool peeps I can introduce you to if you're interested!
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Glimpses a Glistening Cluster -
OH: What's Hugo? Is it like Rust?
New community metric: "Community cholesterol level"
. and Tonic
Vibing and pre-gaming before #kcdc
So glad you have movement here!
Today's Image of the Day: One Last Look from Skylab 2 -
RT 🆕 We're excited to announce multi-project support for the official CircleCI #VSCode extension, which gives you an interface t…
Notification that my #PixelFold order is processing....
Damn... Anything you want to share there Bot?
RT W/ &amp; for #KCDC2023
RT Years in the making! 🍻
Solid advice, #kcdc
Finally, after years of online, I finally get to meet #kcdc #developercommunity
Today's Image of the Day: The Glowing North Sea -
Oh Erin I'm so sorry 😥
Gonna be so good! Really looking forward to it
Let's Fucking Go #kcdc!!
Mimosa's all the way
I'll have to ask?
Are you really a JavaScript developer if you haven't created a framework or an acronym?
OH: Orange juice? That's like fancy breakfast
Hah, fair. Yes, that's where
Plan is the President
Today's Image of the Day: It's Rock Science -
That's the spirit (right
Not necessarily..... 😜 It'll be part of the experience though.
Absolutely. I can't make anything before the DevOps KC meetup tonight. I would suggest though if you need a place before the meetup, hit up Gates BBQ (3205 Main). But check the menu before going in so you know what you want. Just saying.....
Could hardly have said it better #MUFC #GlazersOutNOW #GlazersFullSaleNOW
Love you Matty, and let me know if there's anything you need that I can do for you
I didn't do them this time
It was amazing....
Pulled it at 11a after 12 hrs when it hit 200F, wrapped it and let it rest for 6 hours. Cut it and it's quite honestly the best brisket I've ever done. The dry brine process worked amazingly, with it retaining the moisture and being so tender. 10/10 would do this again.
Feel free to ping one of us, we will go from the meetup to a secondary location
RT If you're coming into KC early for come hang out with us at DevOpsKC Tuesday night!
RT You: Trying to build a robust #DevSecOps function. Us (CircleCI, and Here to help.…
RT this is bullshit there is absolutely zero evidence cuviers beaked whales have any interest in films let alone 50s era sword a…
RT On Juneteenth, we commemorate the anniversary of the delayed but welcome news of freedom reaching the enslaved Black folks…
RT Spent the last week in London, NYC and upstate NY hanging with friends. Phone time at an all time low. The direct cor…
RT Is Juneteenth “divisive?” Is it about race? Yes.
I tend to feel it does, helping season a bit better while also helping hold moisture in over the cook. I'll let you know how this one turns out.
Is there any better sight in the morning than seeing the smoke from your overnight cook?
RT “You think a white nationalist is a Nazi?” asked. “I don’t look at it like that. I look at a white nationalist as…
When I let the dogs out this morning at 530a, it was at 170F and a nice bark is forming.
My Mom asked me to smoke an almost 14# brisket for a family dinner tonight. After trimming some of the thick, hard fat, I dry brined it for 6hrs, and then covered it with mustard (to help the rub stick), added the rub, and then into the smoker last night at 1130p at 220F
Happy Father's Day Tim!! 💙🎉
Congrats Todd!
RT Dad Can’t Believe Lawn Didn’t Get Him Anything For Father’s Day
Ahh so that's why they dropped Domains 😜😆🤘
Oh FFS... The dude deliberately took time out of his day to find out where the doctor lived, drove there, and camped out in front of his house. That's intent to harass, and literally stalking.
RT Would be cool if all these people stopped jerking each other off for “likes” and just donated the money to charity anyway.
The literal best pair of glasses
RT Don't miss Tuesday's State of #WebComponents where you'll learn about what's next in the world of web components! 🗓️ June 20…
RT US elections are about racism, and Black folk in this country have an encyclopedic understanding of US racism. The mi…
To be fair, I was hungry.
Yeah, it's one of the reasons DC sucks at this. They had a good actor and a following for the TV show that they could have used and it would have brought in continuity and a fanbase. But, nope. Meanwhile, Marvel signs actors for decades for a consistent storyline.
RT No medical professional should ever agree to do this. Never. It elevates the conspiracy guy, demeans the medical professi…
Oh wow I know that view 🤩😆
RT tomorrow is annual punch-a-nazi day, in fact there are 365 of them per year
RT For those executives in the back…perhaps take a moment.
RT ah, hell. this was a man who had the courage of his convictions such that he was willing to break the law and go to federal pr…
Drop a cool photo of you doing your job!
I got your snacks.... Let me know what you all like
Wow! It kept your smile, but messed with the tint of only one eye
Today's Image of the Day: A View of Galveston, the Birthplace of Juneteenth -
RT The way this slowly turns into a nightmare has me ☠
Yeah I didn't see any alt text
One of these things is not like the other
What a fuckwit...
RT A story for every stone.
And true to form, says "Hold my beer"
RT This is such a cool ring. How much you think it costs?
This is absolute BULLSHIT from if it's true. Plenty of more qualified candidates, who've coached at the highest levels than Fuckhalter
If Fuckhalter comes back, guaranteed the US underperforms and continues terrible development
Yep! KC is also my town!
Ping me and we can meet up when you get in
RT Excited to be heading to my first DevOps meetup! We ( are raffling a few tickets to so be sure t…
Yeah, what J.D. said. See you next week
RT Trans kids belong everywhere, and we will stand with them.
Hey Abbey - I personally suck at git, but let me know if I can help with CircleCI
RT Few people have done more for the online safety and security of journalists than It was our honor to work with…
RT Hey ! I'm taking my youngest daughter to your show in B-ham next week. We are traveling over from hotlanta…
At CircleCI we're hiring for a Sr Manager, Web Strategy to help with our long-term strategy, roadmap, and modern mktg approaches on the Web. Apply here: And if you're interested in any of the other roles we're hiring for:
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Module Makes a Move -
What a lasting impact for the Glazers :massiveEyeroll: #GlazersFullSaleNOW #GlazersOut
Just what I have always wanted - to tuck me into bed at night.
They must have healing properties, right?
And we have the updated colour for #kcdc ( I hope you approve)
Of course!
Feel free to DM if you would like to discuss further into what you're trying to do. In practice, the config file can be static and using pipeline variables / regex you can run builds based on what's being done.
Fair point - if you only want to build on PRs, then there's a config parameter for that (
You can also filter branches and only run a job which fits a specific or regex-filtered branch It is also certainly possible I misunderstood what you're trying to do, so let me know
This is built into CircleCI, where you can implement branch filtering for job steps using the pipeline value "pipeline.git.branch" to control when a step should run. More info at You can also do some fancy stuff on filtering
RT The people complaining about cancel culture sure like to boycot everything.
RT Jurassic Park is a cautionary tale about how you compensate IT staff :P
RT This week I'll be speaking at #summit my talk: Lessons Learned from Cultivating Open Source Projects and Commu…
Showcasing 3 QBs, at different talent levels and stages in their career, is an interesting premise. Should be interesting.
Today's Image of the Day: A Dragon Beams Up -
RT Donald Trump's supporters talk about him like he's a toddler—but you also wouldn't trust a toddler with nuclear secrets
RT 📢 Last day to join! Have you saved your seat in our upcoming webinar? 👉 Learn how code quality fits in…
I'll have to make this to celebrate 16 years of vasectomy-living! Thank you and
RT You know who IS NOT being arraigned today on 37 counts of the Espionage Act?
If you're in town on Tuesday (Jun 20) for consider coming by our DevOps KC Meetup for a cool discussion and some good food and drink, and prep for a great KCDC!
Today's Image of the Day: Spacewalker Woody Hoburg rides the Canadarm2 robotic arm -
Gonna miss it this year, again
RT GOOD MORNING!!! It's the LAST (!!!) Monday before the Monday of KCDC week! Let's go!!!!!! (Also, seriously, stop procr…
RT Congrats you've once again been selected as a leader in the #2023SDTimes100 DevOps space!
RT I know that too many people in the LGBTQI+ community are worried and afraid about their future and their safety. I want to send…
Fuck off with your fake outrage. The guy you bootlicked constantly broke the Flag Code numerous times, like each time he humped the flag, when he allowed the flag to be in line with North Korea, etc. You're a disgrace to Kansas.
Oh for fuck's sake. It's the United State's Department of Justice, not Biden's. And it's an INDEPENDENT counsel, setup to avoid bias BY LAW, which TFG even did with the ridiculous Durham investigation. So fuck off with this bullshit.
RT Seriously stop falling for this attempt at reputational rehab. Barr's track record of crimes and cover-ups is several de…
Ahh yes, the #KubeHunt for
This is good, but how many referee's are going to be able to make the distinction between "offensive player plants a foot to go airborne" and "before offensive player went airborne"?
Sadly there are, and each explanation worse than the first
RT "A history of racism that is not preserved cannot be faced. The people and institutions who attempt to wash away all past…
Congrats on doing something doesn't seem capable of doing, ever: reading
This thread is so. Damn. Good.
Absolutely. Definitely more entertaining and informative than I will be.
It's so awesome when they make these steps!!
Yes! Love it when they get triggered
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Observes a Cosmic Sea Creature -
RT (THREAD) In this thread, a longtime criminal defense attorney and bestselling Donald Trump biographer offers a detailed r…
Yeah, a solid list, and far from comprehensive. Always boils down to what you're in the mood for. And don't forget, burnt ends started in KC 🤩 ( , became famous with Arthur Bryant's, and perfected at Hayward's (which is 5min from my house).
Today's Image of the Day: A Cloudy Approach -
Emily shares an amazing list on her 🎉 birthday 🎂!! Happy Birthday
RT Two weeks from right now, y’all will be in your first sessions of the morning for #kcdc2023. Can you believe it? Wait, what’s th…
You're in town for the game?!?
And your grades and why you didn't do well
RT If I have to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to JD Vance being a person who has sexual…
Absolutely nails it. I might just print it and put it on my wall.
Meet me there In the blue Where words are not Feeling remains Ooh I dream to heal your wounds But I bleed myself Well I bleed myself In circles (I'm running down) In circles (running down) In circles (running down) - "In Circles" by
RT Demonizing immigrants is one of the oldest and most disgraceful political acts, intended to distract and divide us—and it’s da…
Noted.
Yes. You want them? Just cover shipping. No returns.
Clean, happy, but still ridiculous beagles
RT Bloomberg’s role for the Open Source Program Office is still open. Please apply! (If you already a…
Meet me there In the blue Where words are not Feeling remains Sincerity Trust in me Throw myself into your door In circles (I'm running down) In circles (running down) In circles (running down)
RT Many people don’t understand how making code open to everyone is safer than keeping it secret. Here’s how to explain it in…
Taking Alice and Biscuit to the groomers today
And there's a nice long compilation I found on Mastodon
Saw this over on Mastodon from jaykuo They compiled as many memes as they could find around the debate this week into a nice post
RT you spend so long trying to think of a name for your cat only to end up calling them "for god's sake" and "please stop"
It sucks to be run-ruled, but that's awesome on the catch!
RT High-pressure macroeconomic conditions mean #DevOps teams are being pushed harder than ever to deliver value. The 2023 SOSDR…
Tweet a random picture from your phone with no explanation
RT With happening Jun 21-23 (HINT HINT), we're excited for our next Meetup on June 20 with the Community! We'…
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-5 Visits NASA Headquarters -
Important distinctions. My youngest was known for his "bullet" farts, which was just a one-shot, but guaranteed to clear a room just as fast.
RT AI is changing Developer Experience for the better! How is AI changing how you write code? 👇
Well at least we know where your boundaries are...
It's not even real coffee... It's flavoured milk, like a steamer
Mark. What you're about to be hit with is a colossal mistake that has been poured out onto unsuspecting innocents, and forever corrupting them from knowing what quality is.
Has everything to do with: 1- proportion of, and coffee (varietal as well as roast), used, 2- grind of the coffee (the coarseness or fineness of the particles) ground at the time of brew, 3- water (quality and proportion), and 4- freshness of the coffee used
Coffee milk is another heresy which shows the depravity of humanity
OMG... I'm agreeing with Sean now. WTF?
Don't know how many times I heard this when I had my shop, and I lost track of how many people I converted to not putting any of that shit in their coffee &amp; drinking it black. People add creamer and sugar to mask the bitterness and acidity, but what if I said you didn't have to?
Today's Image of the Day: A Bloom in Space -
Yeah when we had our shop, we didn't have a rule (the previous owner did and it drove people away because she'd stalk them or tell them to get out) but I encouraged the staff to chat and build rapport, and ask at some point, "can I get you anything?" Rarely failed to convert.
RT
A hammock and a hydro flask
Absolutely love mine.
Do I hear another KC Drinks Meetup is in order?
Damn that's good stuff right there
What the fucking sorcery is this?
RT Heading to this October. Looking forward to catching up with &amp; Who e…
Typical after conference tradition
RT 🏳️‍🌈 Happy #PrideMonth2023 from all of us at CircleCI 🏳️‍🌈 Supporting diversity is a community effort both internally and ex…
Oh then yeah, definitely getting one.
Interesting. I will probably get one for shits and giggles 乁⁠ ⁠˘⁠ ⁠o⁠ ⁠˘⁠ ⁠ㄏ
Yeah, I didn't watch the event - what does that wire connect to though? Do you have to use an iPhone?
RT Fun fact: it is a common misconception that #PlatformEngineering is a replacement for #SRE when in fact the two are completel…
And if you're in the Toronto area, or are able to get there and attend #RefactorDX, let me know as I have some speaker tickets to give away!
Looking forward to speaking at in Toronto July 12-13 on high-performing engineering teams: what they are, the important metrics, the role Platform Engineeirng plays, and even some Holy Grail GIFs! #REFACTORDX Use code CIRCLECI for 20% OFF!
Lived in:🇺🇲 Born in: 🇺🇲 Parents: 🇺🇲🇺🇲 Grandparents: 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲 Been to: 🇨🇦🇦🇺🇩🇪🇵🇱🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🇮🇪🇨🇳🇭🇰🇮🇳🇰🇪🇫🇷🇨🇭🇨🇴🇲🇽🇳🇱🇷🇴🇨🇿🇪🇸🇩🇰🇳🇴🇸🇪 Going to (new this year): ?? sadly I don't think anywhere new
Thank goodness for garbage collection
Fair. Considering he's been attacked all afternoon for that tweet, my reaction was reading probably too much into your initial tweet.
Yes, they should be able to. But, you and I both know that's not where we are at.
You're doing great work James, AND being a good father and partner. Don't let them bring you down.
Knowing James, and what he does as a self-employed content creator, he's doing just fine! New baby, giving wife some much needed rest after he's been gone a few days, and getting things done... He's doing great. The shade he's getting is sad.
Sean this is just plain shitty. You yourself know, and have posted in the past, that WFH is hard with kids around, and especially with a newborn, and so you do what you need to in order to take care of them and work. Be better.
Pink Floyd's "The Wall" comes on overhead at the restaurant... OH: I hate this song, those little British kids 💀
Gawd.... All the comments on the original video are congratulatory and agreeing with her and her parents... Disgusting.
Alright. I want one.
Good good! Can't wait to hear this talk, at one of my favourite conferences
Amazing! So awesome!
Right? Now I probably gotta wait until
I spent yesterday evening on the plane listening to #FooFighters new album "But Here We Are", and it's so full of dealing with the grief of losing #TaylorHawkins &amp; Grohl's mother who both passed last year. Going to have to listen a few more times, but I do really like the album.
Yeah, had this happen with friends and family and it just sucks. Sorry you have this experience
Right? All the Apple peeps getting upset when their chosen UI is giving them the experience, and then saying it's everyone else's fault gets quite old.
That replay of Liam Gallagher (a well-known Man City fan) teasing/torturing a Man United fan who looks to be under 10 is infuriating 😡🤬. Props to what looks to be the kid's mum for wrapping him up in a hug and separating him from the asshole.
RT Shout out to Justin and the entire crew. You did an AMAZING job of curating a safe space where *everyone* can…
For gratuitous, and overly fulfilling, violence
Given who you had to work with.... 😜
There's more than a kernel of truth there
Especially if you're on the top floors of the Westin you can get some good resistance during the freefall
Yeah gotta use elevator time to stretch
So jealous! I didn't get any time for this while in Atlanta....
Wtf? Help him up Ben!
Eat some butter chicken for me
Who cares if one more light goes out? In a sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out? If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do Well I do #RIPChester (5/5)
If they say Who cares if one more light goes out? In a sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out? If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do (4/5) #RIPChester
The reminders pull the floor from your feet In the kitchen, one more chair than you need oh And you're angry, and you should be, it's not fair Just 'cause you can't see it, doesn't mean it, isn't there (3/5) #RIPChester
If they say Who cares if one more light goes out? In a sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out? If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do (2/5) #RIPChester
Bear with me as I paste the lyrics from this amazing song, #OneMoreLight Should've stayed, were there signs, I ignored? Can I help you, not to hurt, anymore? We saw brilliance, when the world, was asleep There are things that we can have, but can't keep (1/5) #RIPChester
And with that, I'm wheels up heading back home after #RenderATL23 ! Thanks again to the #RenderATL staff for everything, and looking forward to next time!
And because it deserves its own tweet, here's the full performance from May 19, 2017 of #OneMoreLight #RIPChester
Which of course brings me to LP's performance on Jimmy Kimmel on May 19, 2017, 4 months almost to the day before his death, where he dedicated "One More Light" to Chris Cornell who had died the day before. One of the most emotional performances I've ever seen. 😥
Which then takes me to this video from Chester's memorial concert of the crowd singing "In The End" for Chester #RIPChester
It does not take much for my emotions to come out. All it took is one video ( appearing on TikTok of LP's Chester and Mike singing "In The End" in the NYC subway for me to be a blubbering mess on my Delta flight as boarders pass me. #RIPChester
RT
Thought about doing this at KCDC
How DARE you sir!
Ball's in your court Dom
I mean, there is coming up... And I have reserved karaoke for Thursday night
I feel like I need both you and one after the other, in order to make an informed decision
I hate having to miss this talk
Oh so I see you know
Today's Image of the Day: U.S. Poet Laureate Ada Limón Unveils Poem for Europa Clipper -
RT My son is 15 I never bought him a pride onesie when he was a baby. I never read him a book that had two moms as par…
So we are clear, it is a good thing to be Anti-Nazi
RT Did you catch talk She’s available for hire too! Which is amazing! Catch her while you can! 😍😍😍😍 #…
RT I can't wait to be able to use the new color-contrast CSS function! #css
Sounds low?
But yet... Oddly on brand?
Well I met Kelly again for the at least 2nd time yesterday, and didn't put 2 and 2 together so... Ó⁠╭⁠╮⁠Ò
Lube is in the top drawer
The lube is in the bedside table top drawer
OH: it's my wife's fault that MSU hasn't beaten UA since 2007
Hey I'm done peeing are you?
I mean, already has a collection of them at her beck and call so I feel they're already ahead of the game
TRW you think you're still talking to on the phone.... But he's already hung up
Back right corner
That was one of my choices too
I'm right here
Where you at?
Heading there soon
Finally....
Yeah no flying snot for me either, but it sure helped when they pulled the mile of tube out
Saves getting that Render tattoo on your thigh
It doubles as a fidget spinner
Hey your nose is still there!
That's some early stage Skynet right there
But have you seen The Boys? 😜😆
Yeah no food this year so you're winning!
Could do a play off of Electron, something superhero or physics based?
Bard says.... "Building Desktop Apps with JavaScript: The Hard Way" "JavaScript: The Language of the Gods (of Desktop Apps)" "JavaScript: The Only Language You'll Ever Need (for Desktop Apps)"
The best
And says "Run" a lot
Type “music” + the year you turned 14 into the gif search bar and share any result.
Nope! Wasn't until recently with HBO's "The Watchmen" series
RT Devoxx Belgium 2023 #TomorrowIsNow 🔥 Call For Papers is open until July 14th 🔥
Fuckin hell
$0.99 and I'll tell you
I got an epi pen
I have a King size bed...
RT Hilarious and relatable talk from on the concept of DevOps and his experience with it. Brilliant example of how…
It could be...
You have a perpetual free trial
Only $0.99
Yep. These laundry bins are cheeeeep AF. Also, I usually have them rolled, but I had to order quick and sadly CustomInk doesn't do that.
/me looks around... What's going on there friends?
Today's Image of the Day: Computer Programmer and Mathematician Josephine Jue -
Booth setup done for #RenderATL23! You're all gonna wanna check out the cool stuff we got for you at the CircleCI booth!
LET'S GO!!
Yeah same here, and with no need for caffeine of any sort. Annoying to all my family. Just how I like it too.
Got to be one of the frailest forwards in the game. Injured more minutes than he plays. United would do well to get rid of him this transfer window.
Love my Boundary Supply Errant Sling... The right size (15L) for laptop, tablet, and core necessities.
I'll be right there with the epi pen to JAM it into his heart. While making eye contact. And whispering, "You owe me."
If J.D.'s offer isn't good enough, I'll give you a ride in my 2008 VW Jetta with a rusted hood. Riding. In. Style.
Bringing back horrific memories when I was at Sprint in the 00's &amp; they told me all of the number mgmt system was a database &amp; they wanted me to build a web frontend. The "database" was an Excel 97 Workbook with VBA Macros. Took me a year to move everything to ASP &amp; MySQL.
Heading to #RenderATL23 this morning. Excited to see all the fruits of and the rest of the team's hard labor!
Today's Image of the Day: TROPICS Prepped to Track Storms -
So awesome and well done! Our downtown airport is a wild one that's for sure.
See ya tomorrow!
Potatoes from the compost pile my wife started in the backyard 🤩
Never a more important time to amplify #MUFC #GlazersOut #GlazersOutNOW #GlazersFullSaleOnly
Back when baseball was fun to watch.
RT TorontoJS is proud to support Refactor conference as a community partner: It’s a conference dedicated to enhancing the deve…
RT “Up” is 14-years old today…
It's from my maternal side
I present to you Jerome Sweetwood Davis Meiss, my ancestor generated by AI.
RT 👀 Hayley Williams of “I’ll be happy to tell you I’m very fucking comfortable talking politics — and if you vote…
RT
Well, thanks?! I think...?
RT My favorite photo of at 🤗
Mae's poem in this week's #TedLasso is a good one from Philip Larkin. In fact the episode is one of my Top 5
Love this Vincent!
Said no one ever
I feel this. After doing Elbert, I rewarded myself with a large ice cream sundae, evening out all the calories I burned. Amazing work by the Child!
RT The biggest lesson for cis folk is that ally is a title given to you, not one you give to yourself. Do the work and be humble.…
8.5 years since DeGea's last penalty save at home....
DeGea with a penalty save? #MUFC #MUNFUL
RT 😂😂😂
RT
RT Man Wastes Another Gorgeous Day Being Dead
Happy Birthday !!
So sorry Todd! With mine, I kept putting bags of crushed ice on my face to help with the swelling, but it never really dealt with the pain. I hope you can get that under control soon!
Had a great time at #VueConfUS 2023 the last few days, with some amazing speakers and great attendees. Thank you to the organizing power team of , , and volunteers for everything they do for the #developer community. Can’t wait until next year!
Meanwhile ...
Well, and a hood
Correlation != Causation
RT if you think you're always right, and don't change your thinking as facts change, then, you're a shitty analyst. it's ok to…
During the #VueConfUS Lightning Talks, is rocking it talking about feature flags!
RT #devopsdays dinner!! The #CfP for is open for another week (and taking place September 6-7):
So if it's a desktop app... With Vue... I'm assuming Windows?
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures a Drifting Galaxy -
RT A friendly reminder that when you used to rent videos from us. We didn’t care who you shared it with… As long as you retur…
RT 👋 Good morning, #VueConfUS. If you haven't already, it's not too late to stop by the CircleCI booth for a chance to win you…
Damn straight.
Name the song....
The message I left everyone at the end of my last karaoke song tonight at #vueconfus was "FUCK GROWING UPPPPP!"
Let's go Sophia!!!!!
RT WHO DID THIS?? 🦇
Let's do this shit!
RT Can I just point out
RT Hot on the heels of State of CSS, the *State of HTML* 2024 survey is now open!
Best of luck on the rest of the trip! Enjoy Vienna!!
This. 💯 This.
RT Coming up at this month's #DevOps KC meetup (Sept 24th) we have from joining us, and he'll be talking a…
Oh I can't wait! I'm gonna make it this year!
RT We're taking our pgBadger usage to the next level! on #PostgreSQL log analysis: htt…
Ugh - this sucks! And always happens to me when I have to be somewhere and I'm already running late. Here's hoping it's resolved soon!
RT Find &amp; at today, they have stickers!
RT Julien Riou ( shares how to do efficient time series management with TimescaleDB #Post…
RT Jérémie Grauer on stage now, sharing #PostgreSQL Nightmare Stories 👻​
RT And moar lightning talks!! Michal Nosek (Percona) on using the pg_tde #PostgreSQL extension for encryption, and
RT More lightning talks!! on how "Diva: Dive Into AI" puts #DEI first, and on different ways…
RT Lightning Talks!! First: wants to lure more community members to #Mastodon, and Albert Offermans talks abo…
And that's always been the appeal of Trump for MAGAts
Chicken and egg thing again
RT karaoke time and got folks waving cellphone lighters 😂 #vueconfus
Yeah the pain meds were annoying, and not being able to take anything to relieve the pressure build up after the surgery suckkkkked... Yep I'll be at KCDC, but not speaking.
Deviated septum surgery? Had that earlier this year and it definitely helped my general breathing! Hope you recover soon.
#vueconfus Second Line
#vueconfus
Getting ready #vueconus second line
Ready for the Second Line at #vueconf with and
RT There’s no more unnatural, uncomfortable or distressing feeling than having to get back into normal clothes when you’ve…
RT Cleopatra lived closer in time to 'yeet' being in the dictionary than to the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
All the FOMO! Hi friends!!! 😀❤️
It is a great report! You can find it at
Today's Image of the Day: Strategic Partnerships Manager Anita Dey -
OH: Why don't you just go upstairs and klack them together
RT The true Queen of Rock... Her story is so powerful and she changed the conversation on a lot of topics let alone that of w…
RT ⚜️We’re a proud sponsor of in New Orleans. Join the #developer community in sessions that discuss the practical…
Today's Image of the Day: Whistling Through the Wildflowers -
RT I've been on the planet for 53 years and I still have yet for a single Conservative to satisfactorily explain to me why…
RT Major thanks to Gold sponsor for helping bring DevOpsDays Chicago to life! Join the fun and learning Aug 9-10…
The CFP for CloudX-2023 is open for a few more days, ending this Friday, May 26! If you have thoughts on Cloud tech or anything even _remotely_ related to Cloud, make sure to get your submission soon at
76F (24C) with 77% humidity at 934a at #VueConf in New Orleans... Glad we are inside!
Yeah and his continued doubling down on how he didn't photoshop anything and that's what he really looks like is just getting old, comical, and sad all at the same time
Are you? Everyone can tell they're different photos... And even your example trying to prove they're the same isn't even the same photo. Dude. Just stop. This isn't an "alpha situation" - it's just sad.
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Dragon Crew Ship Approaches the International Space Station -
So I'm prepping a PowerPoint karaoke session and I'm looking for some JavaScript talk titles. Give me your best or hot take! RT for reach please.
All of this.
RT Tattoo this shit on the inside of your eyeballs #GOTOchgo
RT GitLab users: get to know us 👋
This is genius
"Because I'm going to come back and check them later" says me for the last 25+ years
Will ping you when I'm done... See where y'all at
Hopefully soon... I am here and craving food waiting on my room, hoping my Tylenol kicks in soon
They use Windows
RT THE SHINING was released 43 years ago today. Not a huge success on its release, it has gone down as one of Stanley Kubri…
Correct answer.
Really gonna miss you this year
The best. I'm always down.
In prep for #KCDC this year, I have started setting up karaoke reservations for Thursday night... Who's in?
Sadly, there was a time where this wouldn't be so hard
Of course. It's performative of course.
Yep, and caloric intake pauses. It's a weird phenomenon but I don't make the rules.
See ya soon!
And looks like he fucking made everyone else do it too...
I and a few are back with RenderATL next week
Hey Ted. STFU you racist asshat
RT What my father would be deeply concerned about is the harmful, discriminatory legislation in Florida.
It's never far
By 2020? Me thinks the writer either decided to write about an old study, or they misread the dates. The graphic isn't working, for me at least, so who knows?
Yep, their replies seem to say "We couldn't make it work for X reason, so we are going to throw the baby out with the bathwater" without considering for every 1 failure there are plenty of successes. Also, like you said, not having remote limits you as a company. Full stop.
A really great thread on arguably the best sequel of any movie, ever.
And this even has fresh fruit as well 🍍
Never too early for a vitamin-c mezcal drink, right? ✈️ #VueConfUS
It was the best of times. And the worst of times.
Headed to #VueConfUS! Can't wait to see you all! Stop by the CircleCI booth for some cool swag and let's chat about your workflows with #Vuejs
Damn I knew I should have come in 2 days early
Enjoy! Sadly gonna miss this year
Yeah, this last episode was so good
He speaks the truth
Oh hell yeah! Congrats Farrah! I'll hopefully be there too
Wait, you write JavaScript and are a schmuck ALL DAY?
Looking forward to seeing you all next week!
RT Tech companies need to understand that great swag becomes long-term branding for your solutions. Your users WANT to b…
Today's Image of the Day: Baby Stars in the Orion Constellation -
RT as of this moment, the remaining tickets are on sale. if you want to join us October 5th and 6th, head ov…
RT And here we are. Today's the day. Early bird tickets sales conclude at 11:59 pm CDT tonight (Monday). If you miss out on special…
Yep
#ScienceTwitter #VisualAids
Yesssss! 2 things though: 1- those gloves define you now 2- you clean up nicely!
Fair enough.. maybe we can just light things on fire and throw them to each other instead?
Or... just drive over to NOLA from Tuesday - Saturday. There. Invite sent.
Hey - your invite is in the mail. Or maybe it was in Sessionize?
Seems like an accurate assessment, seeing as everything is better with Paul Rudd
RT I encourage all infra and ops folks to volunteer into any projects with AI. Chances are *You will not get asked* The cl…
Jess... These need to be with you in New Orleans.
RT ⏰ Only 11 days until #Render2023, but it’s NOT too late to grab your ticket at 🎟️ Don’t miss the mi…
Soo cute!
Ahh yes. The lost art of civility.
Like, am I supposed to have my pinky up while drinking my cocktail? Am I supposed to make eye contact as people pass me when they make their way to their seats? I have questions.
This is the 2nd one... I posted the first one a couple days ago.
Dude it sounds amazing! Great job!
And I'll be right there with you. What in the actual fuck? 😡🤬
RT I saw you speak at SCaLE in 2022, and since then I've used "the worst thing about is that it's better t…
We decided you all need Six Sigma training
Well and it's been spreading its wings a bit and not just for Java anymore
After a year or so, it is time for a change... Moving to new profile pic and (maybe) fully retiring "The Patronizing Saint of DevOps" - we shall see
Yep. That's all but gone out the window
Yeah, there's been a flurry of car makers not including AM radio in their vehicles, which cuts out a lot of programming and businesses still on the AM and. Not agreeing on the legislation, but I can understand it.
What a cracking goal from and beautiful assist from Eriksen!! #MUFC
Yeah and that's why I like 's "Full Product Engineer" title, speaking more to the breadth of knowledge that buzzword shit
If there's an event happening near the release date maybe we can gather
"And take THAT for good measure!"
Oh man I can't wait! Is there going to be a coordinated release party where we all gather together to watch?
Each answer is accurate
RT I have ranted about the absurdity of the term "full stack engineer" (I mean, show me the web dev who also writes their own…
That's a solid setup there
I'll report back soon
Oh lookie here... Asshat with no blue check. Twitter not want your money for such shitty, misogynistic opinions? Shut the fuck up and go somewhere else.
Oh my... Where does one acquire such a delicacy?
That universal healthcare was Socialist and therefore Communist. Oh, and also the typical Santa/Easter Bunny/Tooth Fairy stuff. But also Socialism = Bad Boogie Man
- do you normally keep community posts in Pending status for weeks? There's a common issue I'm trying to overcome and not getting any support.
RT I've never been prouder of the Brits. Westminster? Cliffs of Dover? Cambridge? Nah fam the soul of Britain is an overw…
That being said, I would gladly facilitate and start a few fights and then sit back with my pop🍿 and🥃 and watch
Done.
If I want to see a bunch of hipsters arguing I'll go to the 35% off sale at Hollister.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Peers into a Glistening Star Cluster -
This is the way.
Blue balls
At least that's something... I'll install your app and make sure it opens for that.
Oh are you quitting and/or selling to people who actually know what the fuck they're doing? Oh, is that not what you meant? Fuck off.
Like, I get it. You want to get feedback and get some possible traction for your cool new thing. But respect people's time and the service they are offering you, and offer _something_ tangible in return.
Twitter DM: I have this new product to do X thing and would love for you to review and offer feedback. Me: Sure - I would be happy to. I get contacted to do these all the time, and since my time is valuable, I charge $500 for that service. Them: 🦗🦗
Thank you!
This is the way.
Thank you Shar!!
Apropos
My second child, my daughter, is graduating high school tonight.... 😭💀 Two down, one more to go (luckily 3 more years this time and not back-to-back)
Oh. Then no. Last time I tried that, the whole cluster poured
What are cloud functions?
That's not a terrible result
Welcome to the Office of the CPO
How dare you say DevRel is HR!
Today's Image of the Day: U.S. Senate Members Meet the Crew of Artemis II -
I mean...
What’s the first GIF that comes up when you type your name? (Can neither confirm nor deny)
Kin to "person who can program the time on the VCR from blinking 12:00"
Tupperware, Jono. You gotta hear the burp to know it's sealed.
Do people understand you when you do? I'm a bit confused from the above...
Who, Horatio?
Yeah, that's usually my go to
Yeah, especially the part where I take the requirements to the developers...
I have no doubt he did!
Oh man, that would have been a good chat!
My wife has never been able to describe what I do to anyone, except that one time she equated me to Tom Smykowski from "Office Space", the "I have people skills guy."
Yeah, so brutal
Fucking hell... 💀
RT The Call-For-Speakers is OPEN for 2023. Please submit your talk(s) by June 15. Grab a blind-bird p…
I feel like we should rent one and have some fun
It's like a reverse big wheel... Never understood them
OH: Who saw a tricycle and said, "Let's flip that around and put an engine in it"?
RT Always wanted to talk at a tech conference but never get selected? After speaking at 253 different events has 3 to…
RT 📢 New Speaker Alert 🎉🎉🎉 found the Holy Grail!!! ... but not the Indiana Jones one 😅 learn more at #REFAC…
Today's Image of the Day: Laguna San Rafael National Park Viewed from the Space Station -
If you haven't noticed yet, Rupert's office window is modeled after Palatine's in the Death Star #TedLasso
Boom 💥💀
RT Two weeks from today will be the Tuesday, May 30th meetup, where will cover LLMs and Generative AI (The 2nd in our s…
RT 17 The result of Durham’s four-year investigation is two failed prosecutions of bit players outside of government and a re…
Today's Image of the Day: Moon Over the Southern Atlantic -
Geez... this has been a talking point of the GOP around what they love to call "entitlement programs" for as long as I can remember (and I was hardline GOP up until early 2001 or so) and they're doubling down harder. The people don't want this. At all.
Aww thanks Zoë! 💙
Submitted my first ever #Kubecon talk... and now I'm stressed. Why did I choose #devrel and #community again?
Damn Taylor...
RT “I never thought an AI would take away MY job, dignity, and humanity” sobs the man who built the AI that could take away j…
RT this looks excellent. another banger from the team hmu if you want a discount code.
Today's Image of the Day: Hearing and Seeing the Music of the Spheres -
Here we are in 2023 and people are still saying you should handle your own authentication
Right? Fuck's sake
Oh I know a bit more about this than you might think, having spent time in the Auth industry with best-in-class Auth0. I do in fact know the costs, as well as the costs of _NOT_ using an auth service, and all it takes is one breach for you to lose immeasurable amounts.
That's not what you said at all ("unable to implement auth yourself"). Made up stats don't help either 🤣 It also is in fact harder to secure user data than you make it out to be.
This. #FuckMondays
Too much to ask for today?
I mean, leave it to Disney to reveal all of our plans
Not even to mention all of the fines when your data is, &amp; it will be, breached because you rolled your own. Rolling your own auth has always been a terrible business decision, and responsible for many of the breaches and loss of customer data. Use best in class 3rd party Auth.
Also a bad take. Are you going to comply with all the different regulations around the world, get all the certifications to protect your company and clients, AND have all the staff with PhDs to keep on top of the latest cryptography and 0days? All that alone is millions/yr.
Alright, which of you fucking told her?
Yeah that's shitty. Sorry both things happened!
Looking so good!
RT 🚨🚨| BREAKING: Erik ten Hag has now won the most games of any #mufc manager in their debut season. 🔥🇳🇱
Legit top talent, with a manager that inspires, leads, and gets the most out of his players
RT The guy has a good point.
Geez... Yeah this does track. Which country do you think he'll end up hiding out in?
Yeah just saying the quiet part out loud
I mean it's consistent and efficient... Why allow people to help with policy when the doesn't care about them anyways?
So educational Tim. Thank you.
RT 🚨Breaking News! 🚨 The best UK developer community conference will take place on 7-9 May 2025! Follow for more updates, tick…
But... "FREEDUMB!!" What a cluckerfuck
RT Looking for data encryption solutions? Peter Eisentraut (EDB) got the answers! #PostgreSQL
"I seem to have lost my key..."
"So for my next magic trick, I'm going to join these two tables...."
RT Just setting up, a few minutes to go. Join for the livestream: #PostgreSQL
If you're in #Amsterdam and have your day open to support a great #PostgreSQL community event, head over to #PGDay Lowlands ( ) and get a ticket for today's event! And then get some extra stickers to send to me!
Just in case you were wondering, that was not in fact me who honked at the person walking down the sidewalk at 8p. I was just drumming on the steering wheel to MCRs "The Ghost of You"
Probably my fave though
There are some good ones
RT I don’t have a cat, so a dog will have to do! But like Taylor Swift I’m all in for &amp; ! #VoteBlue D…
It's fucking brilliant
This wins the Internet.
RT I dare you to watch this only once.
Absolute classic
And here I was about to reply about the temperature and realize that's what you're talking about. Not system load.
RT and here's the history of how the top 20 languages have changed over time
Here we go with the Programming Language report...
Oh hell yeah
Ahh.. #ksgop at it again.
RT The little dot in front of the sun is actually Mercury
Had a Karen on my flight from SEA to KC tonight who complained that Delta didn't stock the food she wanted (how dare they), and then yelled at a rideshare driver who was picking someone up because her ride couldn't pick her up in her spot, meaning she had to move 10 feet.
There are pills for that
Gotta repeat it soon.
I've already boarded my connecting flight home, so you're on your own
When a cow is dehydrated does it produce powdered milk?
Take a few moments to pause and read this thread
RT Who's interested in an Intro to Open Source workshop that ends with you getting your first contribution? I'm hoping to launch…
Today's Image of the Day: 50th Anniversary of the Skylab 1 Launch -
Right?
Yeah but only if you don't add ice
Yep.
What? Yes. I did just have poutine at a 24hr A&amp;W at 0245 in the morning.
RT introducing ai in your product due to market pressure
You would too if you could #VancouverAquarium
Uhh... On tap?
RT Wallace: CNN recently very publicly parted ways with Don Lemon. It came in the aftermath of a comment he made that was viewed by…
OH: There's also an oral inflator if you need it.
Apple's "Walkie-Talkie" feature on the Apple Watch is horrific for everyone involved. But oddly hilarious for all bystanders.
Today's Image of the Day: Stabilizing Shorelines with Mangroves -
RT I’m no media expert, but it seems to me that interviewing a narcissistic psychopath in front of a packed house of his flyin…
Yeah buying the Fold gets you the watch for free, and it's smaller (folded) than the Pixel 7 Pro and Samsung Fold4, and wider than the Fold4 in tablet mode
Yeah that's fair. I've luckily heard that phrase way less than ever
Yeah too late
Only when you use the correct words
OH: Isn't the Limp Bizkit guy?
OH: Oh the internet used to go through the phone
RT shot. chaser. smash the glass.
Yeah, probably fine
RT If you give would-be fascists all your microphones and megaphones they don’t need guns to take over.
Which name and occupation did you use when you got booked?
Ahh so it's not a problem! 💪🤘
Of course... The apple peeps getting upset when it's the apple ecosystem enabling their disgust. ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯ (⁠*⁠_⁠*⁠)
Is never worth it to not deal with assholes in your community. Some good resources here. - at #OSSummit
Code can be quickly changed, culture cannot. Proving that this is important and should be addressed, it's important to be quantitative, and provide expectations (set up front the comms process and rapid reactions) - #OSSummit
You fix this through personal interactions and in-person is the most impactful way (it can be done virtually but is way harder) to build the relations necessary. Also give them confidence that concerns will be addressed. An SLA with your CoC is required here - #OSSummit
The impact of assholes and the problems they cause are very real and important to address immediately. Social behavior and technical ability are not The cost of doing business is not an acceptable reason to allow asshole. - at #OSSummit
The total cost of asshole has _direct_ impact on your community, team, culture, and cascading effects amplify the problem. Engaging with the problem immediately in public is necessary or else it spreads like a fungus. - at #OSSummit
Negative interactions are 5x worse than a positive interaction, and can push someone out immediately or make things less diverse. This is the fault of leadership for the culture of the community. - at #OSSummit
Conflict is good, and where growth happens, but how it's dealt with makes the difference. Look for the patterns and identify what's going on and take action. - at #OSSummit
Rude behavior is contagious and doesn't always have an immediate impact. Examples shown are Gentoo and Ubuntu launch, Glibc move to Git, and Netbsd. Those members can influence for good or bad. - at #OSSummit
How you react or allow the assholeish behavior to continue influences the tone and where your community is going to become. The outliers (assholes and even the best) exist, and does the good outweigh the bad? -via at #OSSummit
How hard is it for people to enter your #community? The world sees what's happening, and makes the judgments on things that you can't control. Some random post will be their first impression. -via at #OSSummit
Looking forward to this talk by on "Assholes are killing your project" at #OSSummit
Nah, probably give it away or sell it, but it was free
Google Pixel Fold and Tablet (with free Pixel Watch) pre-ordered. Now the wait until late June begins. #GoogleIO2023
RT Uh, Ladies, may I have a word with you. . . . ? . . .
Today's Image of the Day: Vance Oyama, Searching for Life in Our Solar System -
This talk by at #OSSummit on the enshitification of the Internet is :chefs-kiss:
RT Shared by a coworker LOL
Just stop using "with great power comes great responsibility blah blah". If you can't feel the collective eye roll in the room, I can't help you.
RT Oh girl, no. Please PLEASE do a better job at journalism. I mean do you follow anything he does on social media? Do y…
It was sooo good.
A tatted, nose ringed punk singing "Call me maybe" at karaoke tonight stole the show. Amazing.
OH: Sometimes you just gotta take the wood, man.
RT Fox: Scott Baio is leaving California over crime &amp; homelessness. Everyone who doesn’t watch Fox: Who the fuck is Scott…
OH: I'll get into a boob competition, I don't care
RT Kicking off #OSSummit with a mic dropping lightning talk from about allyship 🙌✨
RT By the time all is said and done, there will have been more people present at court proceedings involving criminal actions by…
RT Dear I am waiting for your anchors to tell the world that your network has CANCELLED the Town Hall with Donald Trump…
Fail fast
Yes! Looking forward to it
I'm taller so you can't see it, but you shall see that I'm making the most of what I have left...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
It depends. Always.
Already here!
But just like not everything needs to be K8s, not everything needs to be GitOps. Traditional pipeline systems can and should coexist with GitOps models. - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #GitOpsCon
Now we're seeing #GitOps moving past K8s, and doing everything you need to have a sustainable application... - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #GitOpsCon
In the past in containers &amp; clusters, we removed the "snowflakes" (servers that couldn't be remade / every machine is different) and have now made "snowflake clusters", and GitOps is around to help us make platforms consistent and up to date - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #gitopscon
There is something about the automatic part of #GitOps - with things like Dependabot &amp; GitOps deployment processes keeping things up to date automatically, reducing cognitive load / complexity (note CI/CD also does this well) - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #gitopscon
GitOps helps turn the management &amp; implementation of different personas - flipping the access control and partition out the permissions structure to reflect the state of the world for that particular cluster - separation of concerns - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The onset of different roles &amp; personas impacts what has been built around #gitops, with Platform Engineering becoming more of something being talked about the last few years as a team to build the framework which makes building apps simpler - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The move to #gitops with Kubernetes has been around the declarative nature, empowering devs in their daily work and sense of ownership, making things automatic and not having to do the manual work, and then a clean separation of concerns - Brendan Burns at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The last Day 2 Keynote of #cdcon + #gitopscon Brendan Burns talking about where #k8s started and where it is today
Giving developers self-service ways of meeting compliance is extremely important but don't take away control from teams to be able to adjust as they need to. Let developers user their intuition to respond as appropriate. - Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver at #cdcon + #gitopscon
Being able to have easily reusable code snippets (examples used are Orbs) to automate the processes around signoffs needed to continue and meet the appropriate criteria - Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver at #cdcon + #gitopscon
An example is the rigorous verification of compliance via the #k8s Admission Controller. The verification is done dynamically as the developer does the work, meeting the needs of the boundaries when they get there. - Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The typical response seen in orgs is adding more complexity and addressing customer feedback, and really drags things down. Which means a separation of duties between the compliance work and the verification of the work - Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver at #cdcon + #gitopscon
There are many levels of compliance, internal processes which translate into work in a developers life can bleed together. CI/CD has become table stakes now for how to help reducing friction in teams, increases the knowledge of the domain. - Nic and Brian at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The first look is from 1979 in understanding emergency response of pilots, and when the playbook was created vs what the experts did based on their intuition. Intuition was identified as the main point of mastery. - Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver at #cdcon + #gitopscon
Next keynote on Day 2 at #cdcon + #gitopscon is "Compliance at the point of change" with Nic Chenewith and Brian Oliver.
The recap of lessons learned from Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz are awesome! Really great session!
Lesson #6: Realize that technical debt might be a necessary evil "Tech debt is the cost of getting it _done_ as opposed to doing it _right_." - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Lesson #5: Acknowledge that context switching is an unfortunate but very real part of your job You can't get rid of these as you progress in your job, but you can help mitigate them - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Lesson #4: Acknowledge that project planning is complex &amp; that nothing is set in stone MURPHY'S LAW IS REAL!! - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Lesson #3 - Practice clear, effective, and efficient communication! - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Lesson #2 - Understand your project inside &amp; out and its business value Recognize the specific value you bring to the project &amp; that mistakes are normal. Understand the mistake costs &amp; ways to mitigate and avoid the risks associated - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Lesson #1 - embrace the ambiguity When you start out, what you work on is handed out to you as small subtasks with little to no ambiguity. But as you become more Sr ambiguity becomes common. Understand the what and why to get to the How. - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Fatima tells a story of when she started a new role on a very intensive project as a Jr engineer with a group of Sr engineers, and then 60% into the project 3 of the Sr engineers left, leaving Fatima as the "accidental Project Lead" - via Fatima Taj at #cdcon + #gitopsconz
Next up on #cdcon + #gitopscon Keynote Day 2 is Fatima Taj, talking about "The Survival Guide to Being a Junior Engineer"
Today's Image of the Day: Spacewalkers Stephen Bowen and Sultan Alneyadi Exit the Quest Airlock -
Empathy in your community (internal &amp; external) really involves thinking about future engineers &amp; their first interactions with your company/team/code - Writing readable code - Not gatekeeping on documentation - Understand imposter syndrome - via at #cdcon + #gitopscon
When talking about messaging best practices, "Empathy is speaking the way you would like to be spoken to" 🔥 - via at #cdcon + #gitopscon
Empathy helps your teammates and work environment with: - Trust - Communication - Conflict resolutions - Creativity - Morale (Camera fritzed out on the strategies slide) - via at #cdcon + #gitopscon
Overcoming the biases in your dev processes means seeking out feedback and testing from diverse respondents, and there are many ways to do this - via at #cdcon + #gitopscon
Team members lacking empathy for each other and not communicating well can lead to a lot of misunderstanding - via at #cdcon + #gitopscon
The first Keynote on #cdcon + #gitopscon Day 2 is talking about "Developer Empathy: The overlooked tool to elevate #opensource #community"
Day 2 Keynotes are beginning at #cdcon + #gitopscon with and (got the right handle this time)
They don't actually exist
Oh yeah? Cool. So no more roads, libraries, schools, military, national parks, food protection, weather alerts, air traffic control, etc. Really worked out well for the Free Town Project.
Yep. That's the one.
Lol I think you're across the street from me
Wow. Thanks PJ.
How did you do this? I can't seem to figure it out.
If it's displayed on screen, and a key press advances, then the controller will work because it's literally just a keyboard sending specific key codes (left, right, up, down, etc)
You're welcome.
And look at that Tailwind
This was supposed to be I chose the wrong suggestion in the list.
CRAP... Twitter suggestions showed me the correct one but I flubbed it. It was supposed to be
You can also purchase Christie's book, "Grokking Continuous Delivery"
Wish I'd been able to live tweet 's amazing talk at #cdCon about "CD and AI: Freeing Us Up to Do What We Do Best", with Star Trek refs, cyborg comparisons, and drawing links to our use of Bard/ChatGPT &amp; copy / pasting we already do. Watch the video when it's out!
Today's Image of the Day: Plumes from Popocatépetl Volcano -
RT Linux sysadmin forced to join a meeting
In the next keynote at #cdCon + #GitOpsCon, we have &amp; talking about the state of #OpenGitOps, incl core #GitOps principles, community announcements, what’s next for GitOps (incl edu resources, &amp; a call for contributions), and OpenGitOps project structure
Really interested to dive into this report and see how it compares with our comprehensive State of Software Delivery report that we recently released at
And we finish up the #cdCon + #GitOpsCon Welcome Keynote with the announcement of the 2023 State of Continuous Delivery Report which you can find at
Welcoming new Ambassadors! 🎉 - via at #cdCon
Announcing that Emporous is being added as a sub-project to #Ortelius - via at #cdCon
The number of projects implementing #Tekton to support supply chain is growing - via at #cdCon
Now we’re discussing the adoption of #cdevents over the last year into other projects - via at #cdCon
Now we’re discussing the “State of the Union: CD Foundation” and has an update CDF Landscape, and announcing new members and projects that are part of the Foundation, and #Tekton being the newest graduating project - via at #cdCon
. is announcing a new #GitOps certification and free training to prepare `
#cdCon + #GitOpsCon is kicking off this morning with and
RT #cdCon + #GitOpsCon is here! 🤗 If you're not able to attend in person in Vancouver, you can stream the keynotes today…
Good morning Vancouver! #cdcon
Here til Friday for cdCon and OS Summit
RT Fun fact… #cdCon &amp; #GitOpsCon really do go together! Happily sharing preconference convos with all of these amazing peeps!…
This makes no sense to OH this, but in one sentence, used Fortran, Cobol, and Web Assembly. Please pay tribute as appropriate with a GIF
Oh it will be
Yeah I'm out in the parking lot with my skateboard
Perfect prep for the next few days
The nerve of the Vancouver Marathon runners having the streets around my hotel blocked so they could "run" through the streets, and make me walk to my hotel since my Uber could only drop me off 1/2 mile away
Yep. I’m right there with you
Or hell, reduce the contract further and make him a backup goalie for the next 3 years. Make him Ten Hag’s Sergio Romero.
Yeah, he’s just average now in comparison to what he was 5 years ago. Should rescind his reduced contract offering.
Dude really likes warm beer
RT Fuck every lawmaker in this country who sits on their hands while innocent lives are sacrificed on the altar of gun indu…
RT Please read. Don’t look away…
Isn't this what the Samsung Fold (and the soon Pixel Fold) are? I get the flip nonsense, but there are other foldable options like the Duo, even 2nd tier OEMs like Oppo, Honor, Motorola, and others have theirs.
I see a remote guard
RT This is completely false. I was there. I have him muted but 50+ people have sent me this nonsense and asked for my comment...…
Starting my trip to Vancouver for #OpenSourceSummit with a well-rounded breakfast in the Kansas City Sky Lounge
LOL enjoy the trip
RT Hey your prayers aren’t working.
You heading to #OpenSourceSummit?
Hell yeah, good song!
Fuckin hell 🤬😡
Fantastic movie. Hands down.
How many are we waiting for? Movie starts soon!
It's time for #GuardiansOfTheGalaxyVol3
Farrah! 😥💙 Sending all the good vibes, and hope things turn around. Let me know what we can do to support you.
Hehehe
Add in an affinity for mashy peas and sticky pudding and he's set
That's the best way
"Let them have ice!"
RT And don’t forget, after checking out the schedule, you only have a couple weeks left to secure your Early Bird tickets to #kcdc2…
RT And the Lord spake, saying, "First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin... Once the number three, being the third number, be reach…
RT You just beat “people pleaser” into your child for the next 25 years. Shes going to have a difficult time being honest with y…
I didn't know that ice cream existed and now I'm obsessed
Yeah that's what I would have done. Like, ffs way to show you're a snarky douchecanoe right from the beginning. Really shows some kinda energy right there...
RT Ever wondered what similarities exist between high-functioning jazz groups and #software teams? 🎷🎸 In this new The Confident…
Today's Image of the Day: Eyes on Ice -
Damn - you surround yourself with some awesome people Shar! Thanks for including me!
RT People are obviously excited about because I have gotten MANY questions about the actual hour-by-hour schedule.…
I'll check it out then. Thanks.
RT Beautiful response from Don’t miss the Hunter laptop reference
I hadn't heard of Warp, but did try Fig and was kinda meh on it. I usually just default to OMZ on top of zsh on my Mac, but Warp looks interesting.
Today's Image of the Day: Exploring the Cosmos Together -
I can't talk about it
Note to self: do not do this in a meeting.
RT 🎉 New Speaker Alert 🎉 How to build high-performing engeineering teams? has figured out the holy grail! lea…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Extraordinarily Bright Interacting Galaxies -
RT *Drum roll please*... Replay is back for 2023! 🎉 🙌 Join us for the second annual Replay conference, as we've expanded the…
Damn! spouting knowledge!
#RockChalk Embiid! Congrats 🎉
Today's Image of the Day: Neutron Stars Collide -
One business term I have never gotten comfortable using, or that I constantly have to verify what it means, is "cohort"
RT . Machine Learning Engineer at on the aidb extension at the #PostgreSQL NL #meetup. While…
RT First talk by Jonathan González, one of the main developers of CloudNativePG, on testing PostgreSQL with said operator #…
RT Great turnout for the PostgreSQL User Group NL #meetup
RT I’m dead 🤣🤣🤣💀
Been there many times while at - Love it.
Yeah, not that sort of "give"
Growing up, we would sometimes have french toast made from hawaiian sliced bread. Absolutely glorious.
RT your pet is more likely to be shot in the face by a Republican governor than be eaten by an immigrant
Thank you to the packed room for my talk at yesterday! It was great hearing from you about your #DevEx experiences. Here is the slide deck as promised! #jfrog #SwampUp
RT How to Explain the Security Advantages of Open Source | By Greg Brown, thanks to #O…
RT In our society, money is power, so the more money any individual amasses, the more power they amass. This power is then mobil…
A nice call out by at #SwampUp to and their sponsorship of
The talking about "Operationalizing genAI applications with #DevOps practices" at #SwampUp We've seen some wild growth in the AI/MLOps scene, and this talk does a great job of helping us understand where we stand, and how to drive to where we should be
At #SwampUp, Brian Randall ( and Yonatan Arbel (JFrog) showcased some great integrations between CoPilot and JFrog in their new extension
RT If your company does not already have a process for gathering feedback (internal &amp; external) on your product and/or the tool…
You already are Chris
Heh - it's already part of my submitted talk to DevRelCon about how DevRel needs to grow the fuck up =)
Yeah, especially in this climate, it's entirely not a good look. And what's interesting, is that in a lot of these companies listed they aren't even responsible for some of the things they're being "graded" against.
Yep, and it's one of the things which keeps #DevRel from maturing and moving forward. Junior High DevRel is so last year.
100% this. We aren't in junior high any more. This is one of the things which keeps #DevRel from maturing.
Was able to get some good pics of the robin nest on one of our downspouts, along with the beaks of 3 babies and the mother waiting for me to leave with a worm in her mouth
RT Let's hang out for 8 hours and learn about Component-driven Development - a framework agnostic approach to bu…
RT Carolyn was wonderful. If you were lucky enough to know her, you knew it. She is survived by her body of work lifting up…
RT We are deeply saddened to share the passing of a wonderful member of our community, Carolyn was passionat…
RT was one of the best. She bent over backwards to make everyone feel welcome and supported and she's left a leg…
😥
A great moment for us with the ability to provide support for all GitLab customers!
Nice look forward to hopefully getting able to hang
RT If you don’t like gender affirming care then don’t get it. Simple as.
I have a light next few months &amp; I'm good with it! 😁 If you'll be at any of these, lmk! May: 🇨🇦 #cdCon / #OSSummit, Vancouver ⚜️ , New Orleans 🍑 Atlanta June: 🥩 , Kansas City (HOME) July: 🇨🇦 Toronto
Wow... That bandwagon stuff is easy
Todd... Harley might just use "daggum'" if you're not careful
Obviously me neither. 💩
Isn't that just a donut shop?
Holy shit this is horrible... Own-rolled auth is the root of so many security issues. You can't employ enough security people to implement a system yourself, and keep it up to date against attackers, zero-days, etc.
That's definitely the short of it
Right? Just shitting wherever you want, ears flowing freely in the wind... What more could you want?
But what about all my _actually_ lived in cargo shorts?
Picking up the dogs from the groomer in my wife's landscaping van (former family van) is fine. Unless there are bags of compost in the back, and one of the beagles decides that's the perfect spot to take a shit. Here is Biscuit enjoying himself after said shit. In the van.
Love it Nick
It's mine Shar
RT PSA (again) for vendors working company booths. Do not assume someone’s knowledge or role. Ask before you make a comple…
That trophy is amazing! Congrats!
See you in Atlanta!
Right? So efficient!
Gareth, this is main. Also, gimme.
I would what Sean? Tell me.
Which is exactly why we've been releasing our yearly (and free,no sign up needed) State of Software Delivery Report. Actually pay attention to the metrics which tell the story, not things which are easily gamed.
I think it means they were sold at Walmart for $20, worn for a month, returned (because the wearer was made fun of), washed (maybe), then repackaged and sold at American Eagle for $50
All of the shade thrown against guys wearing cargo shorts, and yet the stores still sell them.... 🤔
And then fans arguing with each other on whether the chant was warranted or not. Poor effort from the team, poor positioning... Sad to see #SportingKC
Yeah... If I see one more lazy pass into the middle of the pitch from a defenseman or central mid, I'm gonna lose it
Explains our performance tonight
Just check... They aren't. But I feel like there are enough of us here in KC that we should organize going to a match
Nice! Need to catch one of those soon. If they're in town during KCDC maybe we can get a group to go?
Soon... #forthecity #nootherclub
OH: Just because you're colour dumb doesn't mean fancy colours are exotic.
Yes, but what kind?
Just Friday night kinda things
Maybe because I've eaten InO? 🤣😁
Boy did I strike a nerve 🤩🤣
It takes just as long as FG ¯⁠\⁠(⁠°⁠_⁠o⁠)⁠/⁠¯
InO isn't fast food either. And the statement wasn't that FG is better fast food than InO, it was that FG is better than InO. No discussion.
100% true.
Way better than me on all accounts! Way to go Elle!
What the fuck? 😡🤬🤬
Damn... I took this picture at 1322, and my bot posted this at 1315... we might have a problem
Because you're just paying for the extra fluff
RT Just saying that tickets for devopsdays Chicago are on sale and going fast - they tend to sell out every year so don’t wa…
It's one of my favourites
"and wash your hands"
Yeah, this happens quite often when CFP submissions end months before the event, and then acceptances go out a month before. Things change, vacations come up, other required business things, etc. It sucks to have to reject an acceptance. 🫤😕
Mmm karaoke
Damn! That beard trim looks amazing
OH: The documentation is the code. RTFC.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures an Elusive Galaxy Cluster -
It's the literal worst! I cringe whenever someone says "We could use Notion...", which also isn't far off from the same reaction when someone says "We could use Jira..."
I would say "I'm sorry" that you're just now tuning in, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. For the last 3 years it's been iterating through all of my tweets and crafting its own messages. is a big fan though.
It definitely has _nothing_ to do with the source material.
My 15 year old, who listens only to pop music and hip hop, is upstairs in the kitchen blaring "Smells Like Teen Spirit" on the speakers and singing along. I couldn't be more proud.
Damn...
I've used Codespaces and Gitpod on my iPad, but it's definitely slow and resource intensive. This is interesting
Hah well it feels like my second home these days
David I'm so sorry this happened today. I can't imagine, and it's one of my biggest fears. Hug your kid and know we are here for you.
CONGRATS!
That is of course crack cocaine. Squirrels already are on crack, they don't need anymore.
Today's Image of the Day: The Cygnus space freighter is released from the Canadarm2 robotic arm -
OH: Don't be a dick, and don't touch kids! It's super easy!
RT A community pillar, inaugural class of CircleCI Champions inductee, CODEOWNER for our Spotify Backstage plugin, and so much m…
When I get some you'll get one
This fucking sucks on so many levels! So sorry Erin!
RT We followed up a fantastic deep dive on the mechanics of bias in AI and some of the effects thereof with a discussion in the l…
You also don't want to miss next month's #DevOpsKC meetup, with a talk on "Using AI to really crush it at your job". Make sure you RSVP at
Such a great time last night at the April Meetup, the first in a 2-part "AI in DevOps" series, with over 60 people in attendance, and great talks from Michelle Frost (from and (from Dell). The livestream had WiFi issues, but will be reuploaded soon.
RT Last chance to register 📢 Join us tomorrow to learn what it takes to build a successful #PlatformEngineering team 💡 Regis…
RT You know who’s still employed?
RT
Hope you recover soon and have limited symptoms!
Yeah that brew time.....
Just a promiscuous bumblebee chilling postcoital before heading to the next apple tree
Narrator: Apparently it's not all about coffee ☕
But yet you'll reply to them... Makes sense. Also thanks for self-identifying as a fascist- and dictator-supporting douchenozzle.
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating Earth Day -
RT Tomorrow, Apr 25, is the first in a two-part series on "AI in #DevOps", with guests Michelle Frost and kicking us of…
Solid process. How big of a brisket, and how long did it take to get to 203?
+1 for Away. I have multiple different ones, and they're great.
RT For anyone else who needed to hear this today. ❤️
That brisket looks amazing. What was your process for this one?
RT 🚨🇳🇱 Alan Shearer: "Whether Manchester United win the cup or not, it's going to be a fantastic season for them. They've achieve…
No context chiropractor office photo
Only way to know is to do it! 🤩
Lucky! I came back Net 0, which is an improvement I guess
It's what we have become
You can now find me also on the Blue App. Thanks
You can now find me also on the Bird App. Thanks
They're pretty damn good!
How in the hell did you get an invite Chris?
I just use Namecheap
Looking forward to checking this out when I get an invite
RT So many of you talented lovely people who were laid off recently: Bluesky is hiring for web, mobile, and Go positions:
RT As folks race to join Bluesky, please take a minute to read 's excellent analysis on the incentives of platforms and t…
Would you rather have a pause or a rewind button in your life?
Hope you made it out of PHL!
Would love an invite as well if there are any left!
Yeah, I'm kinda wanting one too
🧐👀
RT 🔴 One year has passed since we appointed Erik ten Hag as manager. We'll keep building, growing and improving as one — trust th…
KubeCon EU. Been to KubeCon LA and Detroit previously
I subbed awhile before the asshole for shits and grins
RT Basically, Elon fucked himself on the Starship timeline by being an impatient asshole. Couldn't happen to a more deservi…
Subtext: "On the field he's been a complete disaster and we can't wait for him to move on."
It was interesting while it lasted, and the enhanced features were nice, but meh. Fuck Elon and what he's doing to this platform.
It was interesting while it lasted, and the enhanced features were nice, but meh. Fuck Elon and what he's doing to this platform.
So glad to have finally made my first #KubeConEU! Had a great time connecting with friends, old and new, and talking to so many from across the world. Thank you for your insight, and I can't wait for #KubeConNA in Chicago! For now, it's time for 🛫 AMS ✈️ ATL🛬 MCI
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's New 3D-Printed Superalloy Can Take the Heat -
RT Why should organizations adopt a #PlatformEngineering approach? Learn all about it in next week's webinar 🎓 Register today:…
RT Looking for a job? Check out the front side of the job board at #KubeConEU. You might have to zoom in 🔎 The back side…
Love the raincoat Carla! Hope to say hi today!
RT Further proof is we are still listed as verified in the search function, AND we're still in the "verified" tab. So it…
OH: I've accidentally written production code three times over the last year
Oh come on... They made a documentary about it
RT I can’t express enough how excited I was and how impressed I am with Kaslin. She is an incredible talent and passionate advoca…
Knowing so much of that, absofuckinglutely
Today's Image of the Day: SuperBIT Sees Colliding Antennae Galaxies -
Maybe wait until my system processes what I just ate? Will determine how much of a fan I am.
I mean...
So far, it seems to me that there are two kinds of friends in the Netherlands: Those who let you ride your bicycle by yourself, and those who hitch a ride. And only you know which one you are.
So far, it seems to me that there are two kinds of friends in the Netherlands: Those who let you ride your bicycle by yourself, and those who hitch a ride. And only you know which one you are.
Why am I just now finding out about FEBO? Food vending machines? What could go wrong? And, yes, I did get some.
RT 🔧 Want to streamline your testing process? The 2023 State of Software Delivery Report reveals that successful #DevOps teams a…
Awesome! A great group of people!! So you're actually here at KubeCon?
Hold on.... What?
Yep, same. Very handy.
The most overrated conference sponsorship level is the conference WiFi. Often $10k+, it's rarely decent, which is a low bar here in the year of our lord 2023
After 3.5 years, it was good to finally introduce to proper coffee (non-charbucks)
Wasn't that Microsoft Teams?
It was so powerful and poignant. Those last moments when they bring him to his own museum had me in tears then and even now. One of the most amazing TV episodes I’ve ever seen, hands down.
“Never stop, no matter how many failures. When you know you’re doing what you’re meant to do, you have to try.” -Van Gogh Museum curator in episode… I get to go to the tomorrow, and I’m fucking emotional just thinking about it. Van Gogh has always…
“Never stop, no matter how many failures. When you know you’re doing what you’re meant to do, you have to try.” -Van Gogh Museum curator in episode… I get to go to the tomorrow, and I’m fucking emotional just thinking about it. Van Gogh has always…
Nice way to end the night
Nice box
RT Racism is screaming WHAT ABOUT THE WHITE PEOPLE? every time a black person gets shot.
August 1988.... Seems about right
DR DOS 6.x
But......
Today's Image of the Day: Martian Milestone for Ingenuity -
RT #KubeCon EU 2024 is in Paris, France 👀👀👀
RT come by the dell booth if you're tired of touching computers professionally and want to touch one recreationally for a…
RT HAPPY NEW FOO FIGHTERS DAY TO ALL!!!
CHATGPT! CHATGPT! CHATGPT!
I was wondering where you were, and just saw this. I'm so sorry Ana! Is there anything you need?
RT Yet another successful #devrel meetup with many amazing folks, organized by and yours truly! Much fun, and tha…
It was an awesome time! Can't wait until the next time!
Something, something, DevOps isn't dead, it's maturing, blah blah
It also might have something to do with things I said in a talk I recorded for their upcoming conference about their marketing slogan....
OH: Let's go the entire day without seeing each other
Yeah, they rejected my application to be a part of the festivities.
Isn't this just investing in yourself?
OH: I need you to go down the road and not across the street
Awesome! So glad to have met you Jewel!!
RT Me and posing at kubecon with the industry’s most knowledgeable authority on Anthos and enterprise kubernetes…
/me must resist snarky comment..... SREs
Uh, I didn't ask?
At #SwampUp they're really diving into the full #DevOps platform, with an expanded focus around end-to-end supply chain security in your pipelines, runtime, and deployments.
RT Enhanced partnership &amp; integration delivers a unified view of #security findings from code to binaries, with #Copilot chat for r…
RT 🚨 Excited to announce our collab w/ to integrate #NVIDIA NIM microservices w/ our JFrog Platform, combining GPU-optimize…
RT 🚨 Introducing the industry’s first Runtime security solution that integrates security at every development stage, from source co…
OH: I love Texas, I wish the people were better
OH: You can high-five my Stanley cup if you visit, it's so 2024
NOOOOOOO 😲😟😢 #RIPJamesEarlJones
At the very least, a community manager should be taking and summarizing the conversations in the community chat system to be content which can live on. This could be tutorials or quick starts or FAQs.
But a community also misses out when you don't have instantaneous conversation and interaction in the form of a chat option.
A community misses out on a LOT of opportunities to reach a broad audience (and let SEO work for you) when you don't have a forum with information which lives on (in cases of history limits)...
There are systems (like ) which allow for public forums and integrated chat. They both are important, for different reasons and business requirements and outcomes....
Yeah I wasn't referring to accessibility in that sense.
Explains the Dunkin commercials somewhat now
Forums are not always a replacement for chat, but they are extremely valuable to make content visible, accessible, and long lasting, whereas chat is often a gatekeeper
Yeah forums are not always a replacement for chat, but they are extremely valuable to make content visible, accessible, and long lasting, whereas chat is often a gatekeeper
RT JLo getting Matt in the divorce is the ultimate plot twist.
"Because why not?" is a perfectly reasonable answer.
Downvoting 🔽
Metamucil IV drips
You gotta warm up your meal
Is there any better?
Seems the alt didn't apply... This is from the peak of Mount Elbert in Colorado, which is the highest peak of the US Rockies at 14440 feet (4400 meters}
I'm asking those who love the outdoors to post a picture. A picture that YOU took. Just a pic. No description.
The bartender here is showcasing their full body of work.
Today's Image of the Day: The Himalayas and Mount Everest in Nepal -
RT As Republicans declare war on Disney, I know whose side I'm on...
Had my first bitterballen at #KubeConEU. Life changing balls. That is the tweet.
The best balls I've ever had.
Had my first bitterballen at #KubeConEU. Life changing. That is the tweet.
RT - "Security is easy" they said, "just disable that legacy thing" they said. What could possibly go wrong? A day in the li…
Today's Image of the Day: Bald Eagle Lands at Kennedy Space Center -
I'll try to. We should meet up! Or hit up the DevRel Salon tomorrow night?
Thank you! That means so much coming from you Rich 🤩😜🤣
Feels like that background was a green screen and we added this in post production
And I'm finally in Amsterdam and at my hotel. Time to unpack, settle in, and then find some food.
Well, after maintenance issues &amp; new plane (which evidently had been trashed by previous passengers &amp; required "extra cleaners" than normal) at my ATL connection I'm _finally_ heading to #KubeConEU, 5 hrs behind schedule. Oh &amp; w/ a last min, on-the-plane Delta One upgrade 🎉💥🤩
Looking forward to (finally) making my first DevRel Salon at #KubeConEU!!
RT BOTH ARMRESTS BELONG TO THE PERSON SITTING IN THE MIDDLE SEAT THIS IS NOT UP FOR DEBATE. THIS IS LAW
Of course. Always.
This checks out.
It's been awhile, but enjoyed it myself too when I've gone! Enjoy! What are you seeing?
Ahh, well I'll see you in Amsterdam
320p... You on that flight?
RT Daniel Perry is being pardoned despite planning to kill Muslims and Black people, and then succeeding in killing a BLM pro…
Damn it, I always forget about Rejekts... I'll see you tomorrow
And I'm off on my way to #KubeConEU MCI ✈️ ATL✈️ AMS! Looking forward to hanging with everyone this next week.
That's when I get in tomorrow morning. Here's hoping I have the same luck. I'm assuming you took the train?
HI! see you soon!
Yeah, no thanks. Also, Florida.
RT A year ago, I was worried about a Ron DeSantis presidential candidacy. I'm no longer worried. Not even a little. I'm far more…
They'll do UBI first and _then_ line us up and shoot us
I land around 6a and should be to my hotel by 9a!
See you soon friends!!
Lawn darts with the steel ends
RT Imagine giving a fuck someone was shoplifting from a corporation. Imagine giving enough of a fuck to chase them. Imagine…
RT While we’re talking DevOps… 🥺 I missed CFP season this year &amp; I’m so bummed I don’t have a DevOpsDays coming up for the…
I mean...
Geez yeah... Had my flight (tomorrow) as the "must be done by" date as well.
RT We cut to another installment of How Are Pandas Not Extinct?
Yeah, that's ridiculous. He definitely has no idea of how things work. I feel like one of your sharp elbows wouldn't even help him figure it out, but might make you feel better.
Amazing shoes though!
We shall eat like KINGS!
Ermahgerd! You haven't aged a bit! 😜😂
In prep for #KubeConEU I have begun assembling the nearest, fresh stroopwafel places to my hotel and the venue. As one does, of course.
After much reflection and counsel with my family, I have decided to pursue the party nomination for President in 2024. **/me checks notes** NOT! Not pursue. Geez, Chat-GPT.
100% agree. And manipulating the checks and balances enable them at the State level to get away with it unless the People finally say, "Enough!", which hopefully won't be too late.
And from a report I saw, 70% of Floridians didn't like the law, and 60% of Republicans in the state didn't either
*breathe* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Fuckin A! Amazing reception, and choice of Dropkick Murphy's is so good! Let's fucking go!
RT Ireland loves Biden as much as Scotland hates Trump.
Fucking hell... Fuck Florida. Fuck DeSantis. Fuck the GOP. Fuck all the way off, and when you get there, keep on fucking yourself off a cliff into a volcano.
Thank you Lisandro for everything you've done for United this season, and can't wait to see The Butcher return even better next season! Get well!
RT ☕️☕️🥳🥳🎂🎂🥳🥳☕️☕️ Happy Birthday ☕️☕️🥳🥳🎂🎂🥳🥳☕️☕️ Beyond thankful for all the #Java co…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
This is one of my faves
Yep. Damn right.
Once you go passwordless you never go
Yep. Every damn time. And then 2 quarters later they come back with "Y WE NO NEW BIZ? WHERE'S OUR PIPELINE?"
I love history
Ooohh....
Great thread on food and what's indigenous to America and not
Ahh, Imperialism at its finest.
Pick me up one, along with some toilet paper
Do you still have them as tattoos? If so I want a year's supply
Yesss! Can't wait. How many douchenozzles can we push into the canals?
I will gladly accept an invite
Because we told you to. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
It’s kinda like It’s Always Sunny… but with Canadians… and caricatures of Detroit. You’ll love it.
RT Want a better understanding of #PlatformEngineering? Join us on April 27 to learn what makes platform #engineering the key t…
RT A year ago, Ukrainian “Neptune” subsonic anti-ship missile performed a little trick resulting in the most costly single l…
That's awesome! Did it always look so 8-bit? 😜😂
[3/3] If none of those jobs interest you, then you should definitely check out the full list of CircleCI's open jobs at . I've been here 3 years, and I really couldn't be happier!
[2/3] A few more roles we're hiring in Enginering at CircleCI: Software Engineer (EMEA): Staff Software Engineer (EMEA): Support Engineering Mgr (USCAN): [cont]
[1/3] At CircleCI we're hiring for a number of roles in Engineering. Here is a short 🧵 of a few of the open roles: Engineering Mgr, SRE: Sr Software Engineer (USCAN): Sr Software Engineer (EMEA): [cont]
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots a Galaxy with Tendrils -
At CircleCI we are hiring a Senior Technology Partner Manager After over 3 years here, I can't say enough good things about the company. Would love to have you join us and help build technology partnerships with companies around the world!
Aww thanks bud. You gonna be at KubeCon?
RT Check out the full schedule for #VueconfUS. It's jam-packed with expert talks and full-day workshops.
2.
It was so much fun!
So honoured to be part of this, and can't wait to see the final project!
Amazing lineup! Even if I can't go, doesn't mean you shouldn't! Don't miss out like me!
RT Everybody deserves access to health care. plan to expand health care coverage for DACA recipients will be life-cha…
Today's Image of the Day: Heavy Rain, Snow Revive Tulare Lake -
YES! Can't wait now!
Right? Quite perfect for whiskey
All the food done... Delicious late dinner.
And what the hell... Let's smoke some apples too.
Butter 🤩💥
After about an hour of the potatoes smoking at 225F, the chicken breasts are in to smoke for about 90 minutes
I'll be there looking for you then 😭 and if you need anything let us all know! Geez that really sucks!
Maybe DeSantis shouldn't act like Orban then? Authoritarian fascist assholes gonna do what authoritarian fascist assholes do though.
Gonna smoke some chicken breasts this afternoon and early evening, along with some potatoes (which are starting first), but I have to begin with some in my 2022 #Monktoberfest glass.
RT “They tried to kill democracy. They tried to expel the people’s choice and the people’s vote. And they awakened a sleeping…
RT BREAKING: Justin Pearson has been reappointed to the Tennessee House of Representatives. He joins Justin Jones, who has…
RT Please folks. It doesn't matter how often you say it. 4/20 is not a thing in Amsterdam. It's an American thing, and ev…
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating Science at the White House Easter Egg Roll -
Then I guess I should feel liberated constantly
Yeah it's been good to see!
Done this many times, and know the feeling. Enjoy Polska! Literally one of my favourite countries to visit!
RT
That's the area I grew up in! Back in the day it was so different.
"...the likes of which the world has never seen" -TFG to everything from windmills to weapons to storms to the colour of his skin
Carlson be like....
RT Now he’s just playing us
Today's Image of the Day: X-59 Gets Its Tail -
RT If banks, with armed guards, high tech security systems, and cameras everywhere can’t stop a mass shooter how can anyone su…
Yessss! Gonna be a good time!
RT Not to brag but I remembered I hate hitler without buying a statue of him.
RT To recap, Tennessee Republicans got a week of thrashing on the national stage, Democrats got money and attention they’…
Spot on. Also applies when using words like "easy", "simple", and more.
A great write up on the work done to #opensource the CircleCI language server used in our VS Code Extension
And #civonavigate, we just released the 2023 State of Software Delivery Report on which this talk is based! Would love to hear your thoughts on it!
And #DeveloperWeek, we just released the 2023 State of Software Delivery Report on which this talk is based! Would love to hear your thoughts on it!
And, we just released the 2023 State of Software Delivery Report on which this talk is based! Would love to hear your thoughts on it!
In addition, we released our 2023 State of Software Delivery Report right after I gave the talk, so perfect timing! Take a look, and would love to hear your thoughts!
As promised during my #DevNexus session, here are my slides for my talk on "High-performing engineering teams and the Holy Grail"
Today's Image of the Day: Schulz, Snoopy Visit NASA Headquarters -
RT We're two weeks out from our April 25 meetup, where we'll kick off a two-part series on "AI in #DevOps", with special guests…
I know, I know. It's a surprise to me too.
Hah don't sell yourself short! Look forward to meeting you in person for the first time Floor!
RT Abortion impacts everyone. For better or worse, this is what abortion bans bring. They do not care about your life, the…
I can't imagine how quickly mine would fill up
RT Listen to these young men refuse to make the story about them, point to a Third Reconstruction, refuse to ignore their whi…
After an amazing week at #DevNexus (ty and for all you do 🎉), I'm home to rest, and then off to #KubeCon in Amsterdam on Sunday. Who will I be seeing there?
Amazing! Can't wait to see you in Amsterdam
Sending distant hugs to Shorty while you're away
Awesome Matty! 🎉❤️ What has been the biggest thing you've been doing/not doing?
But I'm right here....
RT Don’t let this story get lost. Gov. Abbott said he is going to pardon a man just convicted of the premeditated murder of…
RT It really isn’t that difficult to not own any Nazi shit. There are many other options for interior decor.
RT Unless you or your father or your grandfather brought it home as a war trophy 77 years ago, it is weird that you have Nazi…
Love mine, used it for years, and I don't think I am using the software for it, just have it connected via Bluetooth on Mac
No, your other hand
Everard Proudfoot
RT Hey Republicans - if you’re trying to tell me that banning dangerous assault rifles is “an infringement on your rights” b…
This is the real way Austin. Chris could learn a thing or two from you.
Frankly I'm shocked it took this long
Totally would! Next time. Or let's hang on Amsterdam.
For me it's "Where is My Mind" by the which closed out #FightClub
Fucking hell... Shar I'm sickened for you. 😡🤬 better fix this shit
WTF This is completely reprehensible and abhorrent to have happen.
RT Fucking leave it out. That shit has no place in the game.
We have a family of them in our neighborhood. It's great at night!
Sharat was....
Hey now, I ran out of ice.
Yes. Yes.
RT "You just gotta be willing to see the truth and let Black women authentically tell it. Don't write it for us." -
Today's Image of the Day: Battling Bots -
First course
OH1: Is that Indian food? OH2: We just call it food.
RT Wow: Tennessee state Rep. Justin Jones, one of the Dems that the GOP is trying to expel from state legislature to protesti…
RT A Republican state representative asked Rep. Justin Jones what he means by the chant “No Justice, No Peace.” His respons…
RT This is not what democracy looks like. Shame on the Tennessee lawmakers who voted to expel two Black men from the legislature…
RT 👀 Spot the difference. #TennesseeThree #RacistGOP
RT Elie Mystal: "Tennessee has now given the entire country an object lesson in critical race theory better than any AP history cou…
RT "We can never normalize the ending of democracy." on being expelled from office
RT This nation was built on peaceful protest. No elected official should lose their job simply for raising their voice – espe…
Love this crew #Devnexus2023
.. and then shipping the gin to Florida
Good luck with your bags
You put the U in SSR
Amazing time. is so lucky to have her!
What was I doing here?
RT just nailing it, as always.
So excited for this report, and thankful for the team that put it together!
RT “Let my people goth.” - Emoses
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Crew Appears on "The Late Show" -
RT The CEO-to-worker pay gap is now 399-to-1. In 1965, the ratio was 21-to-1. Trickle down economics was always a sham. Nothin…
If you're a company looking to connect with developers across the spectrum, especially enterprise, don't sleep on this conference. As a sponsor with a previous company, we never failed to get huge ROI and it drove awesome engagement. DM me if you need ideas.
That would be fractionally better than normal, and classify as "living it up"
Huzzah!
Was the novel created by AI?
Happy Birthday to a genuine good dude who puts others and his community first more than probably anyone I know. Live it up
Number of times I've been smacked in the arm by a passing plane boarder who doesn't understand spatial awareness with their bags: 6 Number of apologies (or even recognition): 0️⃣
This is your new look. I don't make the rules, AI does.
This is a really good thread. As someone who grew up evangelical, and who also works in building communities, this all rings true on so many levels.
That has definitely been my experience as well
There's gamesmanship, and then there's Canada and their time wasting. The referee has let it get out of control all match, even letting an injured player stay in after the restart.
About as uninspired of a performance as I've seen in awhile from the
Achievement unlocked: sharing a beer at a sporting match (#USAvCAN) with my son
Warmups for #USAvCAN #USMNT
RT If you were in this audience, what questions would you ask ?? Join us to learn about, FREEMAN+FORREST, the fi…
Anytime Corey.
Followed by dexterity and balance training....
Next week I am at my first (‼️) 🐸 , and will be speaking about turning #DevEx disasters into delight. Come join me!
Me! I'm getting ready!
Next week begins my final run of conferences before the end of the year. Who will be joining me at these? 9/9-11: 🐸JFrog 9/23-24:⚙️ 10/3-4:🍺 10/10-11:⚙️ 10/27-29:🚀 11/19-21:🌐
RT Nailing #accessibility education, making me chuckle as always !
I see what you did there with "meta"
RT I used to make fun of the never-ending parade of DevOps modifiers (DevSecOps, GitOps, FinOps), but I've changed my mind…
OH: I just learned about Iconic today, er
Nope. It was discarded after I let the mint permeate into the drink
RT If you don’t need a permit to carry a gun, you don’t need to look down my kids pants for them to partici…
This drink from Biltong Bar at Atlanta's Ponce City Market is called "Unfuck your day".... Holy motherforking shirtballs. Thanks for the recommendation
Fucking hell... The #ksleg is a bunch of perverts. Prove me wrong.
RT Why are Republicans so eager to look at kids’ genitals?
RT Lindsey’s newly blond hair and tangerine skin tint prove that you are, in fact, what you eat
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis II Crew Revealed -
Happy to be around the amazing and at #DevNexus2023
I did and then ate it
Chicken biscuits and shrimp gravy from with is the perfect start to #DevNexus2023
There's a joke in here somewhere
So honoured to know , and you should too.
Can't wait!
RT Maybe take a moment…
Todd, there were no seats in the sun. We couldn't help how shady we were.
I was full and content. And evidently boring company for
RT 🚨 Snopes obtained the previously sealed document that outlines the 34 felony charges against Trump. You can read it for yours…
Jr might need some too
RT I shall say it again: I do not fear superintelligence. I reject the effective altruism/longtermism philosophies of Bostr…
Especially with the guy that had the perpetual Infrastructure Week in the car
Fantastic
RT I don’t care if trump wants to talk before or after he’s arraigned. I don’t care if he turns the whole damn scene into a…
RT Last Supper Selfie
RT Trump being fingerprinted
That sequence with Remy's 3 and then Harris's steal and Wilson's and-1... 5 points in 20 seconds.
OH: jira === herpes
After buying the beer to do the thing. Fucking idiot.
Party Sparkley-Nose Geez... Getting called out there
Even though I'm a child of the 70's, I don't like this.
RT I think we white people could stand to step back and stop fixating on specific moments as if they are somehow free of al…
Homer, it was great.
RT It’s a historic day in Missouri as becomes the first county in the state to adopt a conversion therapy…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎉🎈🎂!
Probably, or they're instead referring to and the corporate account
Coke comes in decaf?
Yeah, it's pretty darn powerful. Mine is fully loaded and handles things quite nicely.
If you're at this week, come check out my Thu 1130a ET talk on High Performing Engineering teams, complete with Monty Python Holy Grail gifs and even some #PlatformEngineering content!
Yeah, staplers seems like an odd inclusion
You sure they weren't confusing you with ?
I feel like I would gain weight just from getting Slack DMs
Would serve her right serving LaCrap like that.
Agree, Challenger (1986) or Berlin Wall (1989) were big moments for a lot of GenX, with Watergate (1973) still being something _some_ GenX might remember since GenX is 1965-80, but hardly a majority or something that defined the generation.
Yeah, it's been one. 💙
My friends over at created a great service for Conference Organizers and Attendees in helping create a safe event, as well as an easy way to report CoC violations! Check it out over on !
Congrats Carter!
Really looking forward to this! Come join us on the 25th. Make sure you RSVP soon
RT 👴🏻 Both of them were wrong! 🧔🏿‍♂️Then why did you only get to finger wagging and tweet scolding when the Black woman…
RT GOODNIGHT TWITTER PLEASE FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART GO FUCK YOURSELF
Big Dan Teague in "O, Brother Where Art Though"
Ahh yes... These were the good ol' days that and I recently reminisced about
Oddly enough, this does check out
Yeah it is definitely very obvious when he is out
Thank you for being open about all you're experiencing. 😟 I hope you (and you family) all regain full health soon!
A great event is in Berlin
You are the first person I thought of when I saw this at the San Diego Zoo recently
Probably why she got upgraded
I thought it was
Tweet a random picture from your phone with no explanation.
Hard call, but one of my favorites was Better Off Ted. The pilot is so frickin good, and the ad spoofs (3M commercials from the 80s anyone?) were so brilliant. One of the best lines from the pilot, was "Can a company be bitchy?"
Hard call, but one of my favorites was Better Off Ted. The pilot is so frickin good, and the ad spoofs (3M commercials from the 80s anyone?) were so brilliant.
YESSS that would be great. Had something similar at my hotel in London. Multiple taste tests confirmed it was good.
search “water” in your camera roll and quote with the best pic
1. Install Notion. 2. 🧐😤😡🤬 3. Uninstall Notion.
This is not the case at all. Also, what CI purists? Literally CI comes out of work done with eXtreme Programming (ty which emphasized (among other things) test environments. No one ever says that CI is skipping testing and deploying direct to main.
Gotta make some money off that
/me searches for giant panda head in ATL for DevNexus
Seems horrific
After a good week in London for #QconLondon, I'm home for a few days, and then on Tuesday I'm heading to ATL for #DevNexus. Who all will I see there?
And we love you for it!
But why a lemon? Lime is where it's at.
Makes it 10000% worse
I sense a Tailwind conversation in 3.. 2.. 1...
Ah, fun times. If only we had the foresight to record it.
Techbros wanna bro... Fuck's sake
Who says we aren't?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WHITNEY! And that's such an awesome thing to do!
Same. Sending you hugs Tim.
Apps: Magnet, Alfred, Hand Mirror, Tailscale CLI: circleci, awscli, netlify, github Misc: thefuck, omz
Boone's Blue Hawaiian of course...
Somehow, this just fits
On United that will definitely work against you.
You've had plenty of chances to refine them too!
Damn Steve, that sucks! Hope it's mild and you recover quickly!
I feel like Mother approves
Yeah especially with the designators for political party
RT This is my last day as a legacy blue check. Something I worked four years to get. I will NOT pay a sad billionaire $11…
RT To the ‘if they can come for trump, they can come for you’ crowd: If you have an affair with a porn star and then instru…
Today's Image of the Day: Patagonian Plankton Swirls -
I see you. I respect you. I acknowledge you. 💙💕🤍💞💙 #TransDayOfVisibility
RT On this Transgender Day of Visibility, Michelle and I want every trans person in America—and around the world—to know that…
I don't know.. maybe retroactively not commit crimes in New York? Just spit balling here #LadyGraham
I wanted to reshare a fun episode I had recently on #ScreamingInTheCloud with where we talked about #DevRel &amp; why it really needs to grow the fuck up. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did. "The Evolution of DevRel with Jeremy Meiss"
RT This you Mr democracy?
RT The Evangelical movement is about to vigorously defend a president who bragged about grabbing women, incited an insurre…
RT For those who don’t already understand, “Soros-backed District Attorney,” which every Right Wing media outlet is saying repea…
RT If you were on the fence about supporting a one term, twice impeached, coup plotting, insurrection inciting, windmill fea…
Yup. Exactly. Illuminati and Jewish space lasers
LOL he doesn't have to assist. It's required by Article 4, Section 2 of the US Constitution and US Marshals don't have to ask permission. And his blatant antisemitism is on full display here with the shithole "Soros" whistle
"Lady Justice grabbed Trump by the pussy" has got to be the greatest line I've heard in a long time... Thank you on
RT It appears the #TrumpIndictment is a felony indictment, which is more serious than the misdemeanor some have suggested. No one…
RT Happy Trump Indictment Day for all who celebrate it #TrumpIndictment
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s Crawler Transporter 2 Sets Record -
That's kinda what I want to see 🤣
Just saw an advertisement for "Hamilton" in the Underground... I havr really wanted to see it, but in London would be amazing
Saving this for the 2023-24 NFL season
RT If you are from the US and very online you have probably heard about this terrible piece of proposed legislation, but if…
RT Tennessee U.S. Rep. Andy Ogles and his family happily posed for a Christmas photo brandishing high-powered rifles. Something is…
What a bargain
Geez this is so accurate
It is a definite problem, but I believe that academia for a long time has contributed to this problem by putting most of their stuff behind paywalls, denying many from this info, including bots, er I mean AI.
You speak truth. I will subscribe to your newsletter
And in Old English, it means "throw that bugger against the ramparts a few times"
What a great view into,&lt;checks notes&gt;, literally an interesting (dare I say fascist) society that they're trying to groom kids into.
Wait... Isn't that against capitalism? Aren't you supposed to "pull yourself up by your own bootstraps"?
Yeah, that was on full display in the booth sign at QCon London. Nothing this specific 😜🤤, but they were touting Vercel and React together on the backdrop
Well, of course. Mobile is a bit harder but doable
That looks to be a well-balanced breakfast
Right? A carrot cake (assumption here since carrot is the ingredient) is, at its worst, OK. A "Kale-replacement carrot cake*, at its BEST, is horrific.
Right? Meaning all the apps and services providing better Twitter experiences than the Twitter app itself. That's really what this is about: Force everyone to Twitter's app and then inundate them with ads.
Tell me you have no idea what you're doing, or who your customer is.... What in the actual fuck is Musk thinking here?
Oh no... That is the worst! Can we help in any way?
Here is irrefutable proof, from the Baking Authority (Betty Crocker) that kale is terrible
RT A 9 year-old girl lost her life trying to pull the fire alarm to warn other students in a mass shooting. Yet, a congressmen…
Tweet a random picture from your phone with no explanation
RT It’s time for America to discuss the availability of guns and it’s impact with mental health. This is enough. We all…
"correct enough" is therefore the problem
PSA: If you ever get the chance to do karaoke with don't ask questions. Just do it. You'll thank me later.
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-4’s Museum Field Trip -
That's awesome! Congrats! Poland is amazing!
RT A woman being nice and friendly during a business meeting does not equal flirting. FFS, men.
RT I can't even get these fucks to pay $8 a month for their operating system
DUDE! A day earlier than I thought! LET'S GO!
Wait you're coming in tomorrow?
RT Let's be clear: An LLM does not create any new truths; they are architecturally incapable of abductive reasoning. LLMs o…
Right? Wouldn't want to get toooo proactive
Ahh yes, Elon Musk overseeing an increasing dumpster fire is very much on brand for this asshat
Rationalizing around common solutions to problems, and propagating that knowledge across your teams provides the needed empowerment to remove the toil for devs and reinforce good pipelines -via at #QConLondon
Centralizing infra and IAM role provisioning gives teams the necessary automation to manage their own infra needs (with IAM and OIDC), and integrating across the entire SDLC -via at #QConLondon
Another pattern is to trigger pipelines across projects, using the API to trigger another workflow and use the "circle back" process to integrate pipelines across projects -via at #QConLondon
Depending on your development and business process, utilizing ephemeral environments and spinning up as needed. Leveraging infra-as-code to spin up quick, short lived environments for testing as needed can be a game changer -via at #QConLondon
A good first step to getting out of the complexity and solving some of the complex orchestration problems is to use the API for your pipelines. Follow that up with using your orgs existing messaging tool to interact with your pipelines with ChatOpa -via at #QConLondon
Many of the challenges seen come down to the human element of repeatable patterns, which has brought about Platform Teams to help bridge the gap between developer toil and operations complexity -via at #QConLondon
It's inevitable that we reach the point where complexity creates its own issues and fragility. Equating this complexity and fragility to the Sword of Damocles is very fitting ( -via at #QConLondon
Zan is talking about being part of a shadow mobile IT team circa 2015, and how they built in some feature management across teams and apps... Until an outage (aka "unscheduled maintenance event") cause some decisions about ownership -via at #QConLondon
Ready for to talk about "Pipeline patterns for Platform Teams" at #QConLondon
Ready for to talk about "Pipeline patterns for Platform Teams" at #QConLondon
Good point. Insurance itself would be INSANE as well, both personal and for the school. The liability, especially with children involved, I'm sure would skyrocket.
Yep. They won't pay teachers fair salaries, provide needed supplies, fund school lunch programs.. the list goes on. Guarantee they won't pay for the personal insurance (MASSIVE risk = HIGH premiums) or the guns and ammo. And that's not even including the school insurance costs..
Projection much?
It's all I got Mike
I mean, not wrong
RT If a mass shooting occurs and your first thought is about how to distract and run interference for the corporations that m…
Today's Image of the Day: Earth’s Radiant Atmosphere -
RT Everyone benefits from accessibility talks at conferences.
One wishes
Hi! Come find me too!
Unfortunately
TMW you realise the pwd reset process for the conference (for the profile, the app, schedule, etc.) allows the reset password session to override the new password, so that your password never actually changes, meaning you have to reset your password just to login - each time.
Daaaamn bot... This is main
Whoever decided to put this hotel's "extra roll of TP" holder right next to the toilet has never had boys
This is so reprehensible Sharat! I'm so sorry. Thinking of you, your family, and your fellow worshippers today. 😢
I ate it so quickly... But it was perfect 😁😂
This was of course better
!!! So jealous! Amazing people all of you! ❤️❤️❤️
Ahh, yes. Used those in China and India. Fun times.
It's such a horrifically bad take
My wife used to use a fluorescent grow light and grow the plants in small paper cups, gradually increasing the distance the light was from the cups until they were finally ready to go outside. Quite a process and dedication!
So many.... London, Edinburgh, Berlin, Stockholm, Seattle to name a few
YES! I hope you shoved that in their face and went and bought yourself a trophy
Look forward to meeting you at QCon!! Travel safe!
Yeah there's a lot of codependency going on there
Yeah those Japanese straight imports were fun
Bwahahaha. Nope.
It was. 😂
Hah that logo is on the beer menu.... But I'm at The Feathers, which is a Nicholson's Pub The Feathers
RT Less than 2 days till our #JavaScriptDay2024. Super excited about all the fantastic speakers but there's also somethin…
RT A few more snapshots (that's a reference to Jimmy's talk, please indulge us) from the Extension Ecosystem Summit:
Nice. I wonder if the 220+ can take more... It comes with 2GB, and one spot that docs say takes a 4GB DIMM. (Google search here I come...) What advantages do you see with Coolify over the built-in Container Manager?
Which Synology do you have? I have the DS220+, and going to upgrade the RAM this week to the max of 6GB (default 2GB), and Coolify as a hosting platform for some things is interesting. Is there a reason you decided on this as opposed to the built-in Container Manager?
RT Release v2.7.1 for asyncapi/cli is out in the wild 😱💪🍾🎂 Thank you for the contribution Taufiq Hassan
RT On the eve...well _very close_ to #techxchange in Las Vegas next week, broke 6,000 users in our #opensource main
Big 💥?
Use a green screen and pipe live video of barber shop
Beautiful no-look back heel from Fernandes, and a perfect chip from Hojlund! 🤩 #MUFC #ManUtd
What. A. Pass. What. A. Goal. #ManUtd #MUFC
That is definitely one way to add positive dopamine to counter the doom.
RT If your argument is “dont worry, there’s checks and balances to keep my crazy candidate…
RT Calling all DevOps wizards, tech storytellers &amp; CI/CD ninjas – #DevOpsDays #Chicago 2025 CFP is Closing Sunday 10/20 🎤 R…
RT 🔔 ANNOUNCEMENT 🔔 is just 1 month away! 🥳 Come attend the largest multi-framework front-end conf…
RT Join us for our #DevOps Meetup next Tuesday, Oct 22 as will talk about "Lessons from E2E Testing Web Applica…
That looks a solid lineup! Totally jealous!! Enjoy
RT At next week? Join for her talk on what's needed to create a sustainable and thriving #PostgreSQL ext…
RT Amusingly, by being a customer I'm insulated from supply chain attacks / takeovers like this since they're no long…
One of the events I absolutely love attending is SCALE, which also co-located! I've spoken at both, and highly recommend you submit! Both CFPs are open through Nov 1 at the below link: More info on #DevOpsDays LA:
RT LAMAR JACKSON FOR THE TIE
Exciting!!
No one gains short yardage more excitedly than #ChiefsKingdom
RT X GON' GIVE IT TO YA‼️
I know. I _SWEAR_ I have been using the computer
I feel like I must be doing something right... It's taken me 8 business days since I was forced back to Windows before I got a BSOD
Nah, you're good.
The joy of switching insurance with the new job, and them flat out denying the ADHD med prior authorization from your doctor that you've been taking for 2+ years and the reason being: "You need to try other medications before we'll approve this one." American "healthcare" sucks.
I really need to stop asking the questions that I don't want to know the answers to
I'm always risque. 😜😂 And CDC guidelines are still to get the boosters, especially with the travel that I do across many different groups of people.
It's very much on brand
Save a glass, drink from the bottle
Thanks, the needles were bigger than I anticipated but it was worth it
Just form it up a bit and let it GROW!!
I would love to speak again, and will take a look at the CFP. Will be a challenge with the new role, but I can get creative 😜
Nice!!!
Got my 7th COVID shot (5th booster) since March 2021 this afternoon, along with a flu shot. Was planning on mixing it up and going with a Moderna this time, but the Walgreens location only had the Pfizer so I'm still #TeamPfizer
Yeah my default emoji is yellow, with occasional suggested paperwhite (AI knows me I guess...) that I select. That's infuriating that people change emoji colour like that. 🤬😡
Steak and ale pie for supper. One of life's truly great moments.
Steak and ale pie for supper. One of life's truly great moments.
Conference organizers would do well to read this from Todd on accessibility talk scheduling
Good input Tim (Banks 🤣). So I’m correct in taking from what you said that it’s largely about context? I personally don’t feel right doing it, but I also don’t want to push that preference onto anyone else.
Exactly. UNLESS you are in a spot where the other team has close enough bags that you could lose some but they need to be brought down as well.
Not me over here waiting for my hotel room to be ready and getting all nostalgic watching all the reaction TikTok vids to amazing cover of "1985" #TikTok
Isn't it a little early for such a spicy take? 😂
Can't wait!
RT When people ask me why I think decency is a better organizing principle than civility, I'm going to point to this righ…
🙌👏🙌👏🙌👏
This is why I take such care in choosing only GIFs of white men, and occasionally a GIF of a white non-male depending on the context of the conversation. I suggest you read this article and decide for yourself.
Nothing like some good ol' dinner entertainment on #DeltaOne
RT A good story doesn’t need to be a lie. A compelling story can (and should be) true. But it’s not enough to be right all…
RT People on the left have most of the facts on their side but still manage to lose because they can’t tell enough emotionall…
RT People on the right realized a long time ago that a good story will always be more convincing than facts. The left is sti…
So you're saying it all starts with regret? 😆🤣
Has he even paid attention to history?
I wonder if Don Jr understands what a subtweet is, and that his father just did the video version of it?
Ahh I remember those days...
Sadly I wish this wasn't the case, but it is
That's skin care AND fashion together Jeff
Ahh, so you're a Wookie then
You can only choose one... Fashion, or skin care.
I'll finish that sentence for you....
RT A couple of week's ago I asked about good blogging platforms for developers. Both Hashnode and w…
Daaaamn... dropping an amazing cover of Black Sabbath's "War Pigs" (Original video:
Wow. This is well worth watching the whole thing. (Original video:
Congrats Will!!
Meaning she taught them well
RT
Yeah it's just on Thursday that we will be together
Today's Image of the Day: Working on Artemis II -
Ah what the hell.... &lt;Note: Bard is _WAY_ faster than GPT-4, though it could just be OpenAI's desire to make it seem more interactive by "typing" each word at a time... Also GPT-4 shit the bed at the end and stopped outputting words ¯\_(ツ)_/¯&gt;
How dare you post our uber-secret training video
Oh you know I'll probably be there at least once 😉😂
Great point... I asked both GPT-4 and Bard what a thought leader was.... 😬🤔🤨 Bard is always a bit more verbose in its answers, which I guess makes it a thought leader?
But... this seems a bit more on target #GoogleBard
This #GoogleBard generated tweet seems highly suspect
I'm heading to London tomorrow for #QConLondon... who all will I see there, or who wants to meet up for a pint?
Correct. "Not well enough"
Definitely worth a few beers
Yay! Congrats 🎉👏
Yep.
RT Biden is just a good man.
Yep - agreeing with Josh and Ben
RT Monktoberfest 2023 will be held Oct. 5-6. Mark your calendars, more details to come
RT “Food hack of the week! I went to In n Out and got a double double animal style but then i took the buns off, threw them out the…
RT “F00d HaX! I got a double burger from Burger King and added sauce and it tastes like a Big Mac but cheaper!” Nope. Cheech called…
RT “Food hack!!! I got all of the sauces from Chik Fil A and put them into a frozen lemonade!” Nope. High.
RT “FOOD HACK! I ordered 10 things from Taco Bell and put them in the same bowl!!!” No. Not a “food hack”. You’re fucking high as a…
RT those aren’t “food hacks” on TikTok it’s called being high
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating Women in STEM -
I took inspiration from you Rich
RT Geoff has been doing impactful Dev rel and community growth work for a long time. This post is worth a read. Also - he's loo…
Thank you Rich.
It's a really nice gradient that the stylist did... I'm pretty hot on it
And I am totally not selling cookies
Two weeks ago at #SCaLE20x I was told by that I had disappointed him with the lack of blue in my hair. I hope I have redeemed myself Rich.
I know my delicacies
One of the greats, thank you for all you gave to #RockChalk
There's no labeling on the wrapper, so obviously off-branded Ho-Ho
Ho-Ho / Swiss Roll, depending on manufactured bakery.
Alternative headline: "Kitty enjoyed human sous vide style"
I feel like this was an accident. Like, they clicked on an email and next thing you know they're in hell
Ahh yes... #ksleg doing what the GOP does best...
RT April 18 we thought is an opportune moment for a DevRel Salon in Amsterdam, since folks might already be in town for #KubeC…
Yeah I echo this sentiment
It is so nice. Occasionally I've seen a line for Global Entry and so I've used the Mobile Passport and gone in front of them 😂🤣
It's such a nice power play, especially cutting in front of PreCheck as well
RT When he bragged about sexual assault, they moved the line. Invited Russia to send Hillary’s emails, they moved the line a…
RT Hey London friends! Have plans next Thursday? We are hosting a meetup with our buds over at alongside the #QCo…
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Star Trail -
Thanks to those who made it out to the meetup last night. As promised, here are my slides (the livestream had some audio issues sadly):
Thank you for sharing some awesome thoughts on automated testing!
Never gonna happen Julia. Never.
What's Tailwind? Is that a new agile framework?
I thought that's what your profile pic was of....
Yeah, I realized my mistick and left myself out on a limb, but I should have known I would get barked at
One might even say it's, evergreen
This is quality content.
Type "wink" in Twitter GIF search, 3rd row, far right. I of course choose my GIF for the person I am replying to, in this case Homer. I have this running thing of, "How quickly can I break Homer?" which influences my choice.
That sucks Kayla, hope you feel better soon!
RT I don’t understand why poor people don’t ask their parents to give them a few million $$ to get their life on track?
I'm so sorry Scott 💙😕
Does that mean I'm for you?
If you're trying to access the facility, they didn't do a good job of helping us out, so you'll need to go to the school entrance. Check the Meetup chat to let us know how to let you in!
What could go wrong?
It is also DeSantis... so "this dumb" is a bar that never stops getting lower
That's a 10x role right there
Today's Image of the Day: Louisiana’s Rice Fields -
Same. So much the same.
Manchester is relatively easy to transfer through, and I love the city. That being said. Still a No.
No.
It's gotten pretty bad. Even the "Following" tab is without any real rhyme or reason. I miss so much from people I want to see and engage with, which means I really need to double down on lists I guess
You can send me all your pithy one liners Sasha.
Seems since I won't be there, I'm getting an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
RT With our meetup happening today, we wanted to take this time to thank our sponsors for the food and drinks, and
Because your own servers are real and they're costly, and the cloud is magic
See you all tomorrow! RSVP if you haven't already
RT
RT please do this, friends 💙
Today's Image of the Day: Galactic Giants Titan and Saturn -
Note from #TedLassoSeason3 Episode 1... Rupert's office mimicking Palatine's on Death Star Mk 2 with the circular window is a solid characterization
RT Let me be excruciatingly clear: GPT4 manifests absolutely no theory of mind other than the theory of mind that the human…
This was truly an astonishingly magnificent set of events to watch as a team imploded in such a short time.
I wish I still had access to some of the ban messages I sent back in the day, as this is oddly reminiscent of them! Love it!
😥❤️
As much as I love thee, Sky Club needs to have better options for those with dietary concerns. My son, with a dairy allergy, really can't get any food in the lounge as no allergy info is posted
OH: We'll have 2 skinny, spicy margaritas Bartender:
This is a great project for anyone who creates short links and QR codes.
So, one could still say, the tools were the problem.
What a wild story!
RT Eve6 could have written my own worst enemy but Lit could never have written the breakfast at Tiffany’s song
I don't know... I feel like Pablo probably looks back and blames his glasses or paintbrush. Or drugs. 😜🤣
So it's HIS fault. 🤣😅
Today's Image of the Day: Venus' Volcano -
Hey / your streaming app sucks badly. Horrific viewing experience, even with a solid internet connection.
Today's Image of the Day: Sunrise Over the Pacific -
RT This coming Tuesday, Mar 21, we will be discussing "Metrics and Test Automation" at the next DevOps KC Meetup. fro…
Rap music Satanic music (ala Rock Music) Dancing
Today's Image of the Day: Diana Trujillo Sparks Students' Curiosity -
Come join us if you're in the KC area next Tuesday, 530p! RSVP below
RT Pi Day is this week!! If you wanna practice memorizing it, I made this guesser last year with
RT BREAKING: A shareholder lawsuit has just been filed against Silicon Valley Bank, $SIVB. There has yet to be any lawsuits fi…
Yes. You did.
And if you haven't seen the Broadway adaptation from Billie Joe Armstrong, this is a must see (only $0.99 to buy!!)
This is your reminder that "Jesus of Suburbia" is one of, if not the best song from Green Day's "American Idiot" album. A masterpiece of epic proportions.
Nope, but the same person said this as well 😅🤣
Yes, it was in fact the same person 🤣😜😅
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-5’s Nighttime Splashdown -
RT Michelle Yeoh won the best actress for her role in “Everything, Everywhere All at Once.” The victory makes her the first Asian…
Not sure you can fit?
And then Jamie Lee Curtis's acceptance speech... 🤩❤️
OMG I just decided to turn it on, and see Ke Huy Quan win his Oscar!! I'm in tears! After all these years, and everything he's done for the movies in that time, this acceptance speech is amazing.
Not sure if serious, or just enjoy scamming people... Grifters gonna grift
Yeah, nothing says "Lets serve the community" like starting up another bullshit scam, and having the "founder" try to be ironic, but yet 100% truthful about what's going to happen at the same time in their bio
OH: Can't wait for the Meet &amp; Queef
I had thought when I was a new parent it was to have someone else to mow the lawn, but I can confirm... Getting ice cream is the best result.
Yep, there's no way he would have paid up.
RT After successfully lobbying for repeal of key Dodd-Frank banking regulations, Silicon Valley Bank immediately began lo…
RT A full investigation would also be nice. It would appear SVB insiders were unloading stock before the run. SVB also lobbied to…
Deep and complex cut.... 👏🙌👏
RT So I have the lead and now it's DevOps is Dead 🤬😡🤮.
RT it's not embarrassing to care about other people
RT making fun of pronouns is a 100% accurate sign that you're a piece of shit no one should take seriously
OH: Non-consensual kabash on the cabals
My Lyft driver is playing smooth jazz on a doggy, dreary evening, and I might just take a nap
RT “I want something that’s like morticia and gomez with lurch in the background”
Me neither
Feel free to come stand on our padded booth carpet anytime you need to
Yeah, and his other shitty takes on music aren't helping people either
Uh, yeah. You need to rethink what "help people" means, because that and your other shitty takes aren't it
RT I'd hate to think it but since Peter Thiel seems to have played a big part in causing this bank run, advising his invested com…
RT People acting like 250k should be enough for everyone and nobody should keep that much money in one bank haven't mentally p…
I mean, AI/ML is what AI/ML eats
Yep. I had to have the receipt, and wasn't giving my email or phone.
That's how you prove dominance. They're all your donuts.
A for a small bottle of OJ and two small water bottles
And that's a pro move.
And we all asked , "But why?"
Yeah... Geez
Damn... The bot being aggressive
Happy Birthday !!
RT weird how it’s ok to bail some people out but not others
Word has it is from Canada? Just something I've heard.
OH1: I don't want to do the digital version of composting my own waste OH2: That's the best description of cloud computing I've ever heard
Hey this man is harassing passengers and taking pictures of others on the plane. And isn't even trying to hide the fact he's doing so.
RT please tell this man to stop harassing passengers on your planes
CONGRATS Jess! That's awesome!
*Amber alert goes off* OH: Looks like someone borrowed a white kid
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots a Star-Forming Spiral -
OH1: "When I was your age we had to thresh our own wheat." OH2: Fuck off Grandpa, we have Wonder Bread now
OH: Fuck off Grandpa, we have Wonder Bread now
When you get picked to be the sparring demo
OH: Sprinkle some Rust on it
OH: Let's remember that sexy and money aren't always the same thing
OH: I feel I could do a lot of damage with a pineapple
It's unreal how bad it _still_ is
Oh, Concur... I never missed you
How rude! Miley, me and my beagles Alice and Biscuit would gladly welcome you into our home.
Be part of the next State of #PostgreSQL survey!
RT A Developer’s Guide to #ActivityPub and the #Fediverse #OpenSource #TechNews
Thanks Pratik - we can celebrate together at and !!
And I get to join you at one of them! =)
Amanda... I see what you did there
O. M. G.!!!! This looks amazing!
RT The application for the Kubernetes v1.32 release team shadow program closes TODAY at 11:59pm UTC. If you're interested…
RT when you find yourself quoting the seminal 1998 poker hustle classic starring Matt Damon and Edward Norton, that’s Rounder mode
I had just started at CircleCI, and exported them the day after getting back from DevOpsDays NYC on Mar 7, 2020. My guess is it might have been the seed data for when I started thinking about doing my bot, which has been broken since fucknut fucked everything up
I was looking for something in my Google Drive, and I came across an export of Tweets (37k of them, including mine, retweets of mine, replies to them, etc.) from Thu Nov 14 02:19:43 +0000 2019 to Sat Mar 07 17:58:53 +0000 2020... And I have no idea why I exported them. At all.
events
Yeah, but there’s a lot of talk about the negative experience had by diverse attendees, sponsors, and speakers (i.e. non-white-male)
RT 🚀 The CFPs for php[tek] 2025 is now open! Ready to share your expertise and make your mark on the PHP community? 🌟 Whether you'…
RT The greatest shot in television ever...
Biscuit thinks that Tuesdays that are Mondays are the worst. What say you?
OMFG! 🎉🙌💪 Congratulations!!
OH: I haven't seen a yo-yo in a long time! And I'm not even that old! Me: What the fuck?
Sharat. You can get here quickly. I expect to see you tonight. No excuses.
Yes! Let's go!
So I have questions... Why is this even an article? Also, why is this on my news feed?
1L of California Creamin' with and Heaven in a glass
Gonna be hard to avoid me Rich....
Today's Image of the Day: A Sliver of the Sun -
#Selfception with
Narrator: It was at this moment that the Product Team at Docker realised their next "pivot" must be "Docker for Meetings"
You're a wizard... With less hair
Narrator: It was at this moment that the Product Team at Docker realised their next "pivot* must be "Docker for Meetings"
So you're telling me, Paul, that I've been doing it wrong my entire life?
Hey Mr Lyft Driver.... The brake pedal is to be used to slow the vehicle down, not as some attempt at sling shot-ing us down the road
Hey Bellend, is this you?
Today's Image of the Day: Eileen Collins, Discovery Pilot -
YESSSS
Like I've been to Auschwitz and Birkenau (more than once), and I echo everything he says in this video. This isn't political. Please watch.
RT Looking forward to him showing off his Premier League medals with a can of Coke Zero. #MUFC
And the Sky Lounge, even though it's brand new, is pretty nice too
First time using our new airport , and for someone who travels a lot this airport is really nice! If I wasn't flying out at the butt crack of dawn I would totally come early to enjoy this!
I'll just get with and we'll Tailscale-it
That does totally explain the last SCaLE....
I know
Looking forward to #SCaLE20x and #DevOpsDaysLA this week. Who all am I going to see there? Make sure to stop by the CircleCI booth and say Hi as well!
RT 1) Nick Saban is the highest paid government employee in the entire US. Seriously. 2) The state of Alabama is so poor…
RT Hi again 👋 I hope you are well. I’m fine too. I’m thankful for your interest in my health. But since you me…
Don't be scared... this is normally how Gareth picks me up for shenanigans. Proves me with plausible deniability.
What, you can't eat 30 cupcakes Gareth?
RT #January6th is trending cuz Fucker Carlson posted cherry picked propaganda of a republican letting another republican in…
Can't wait for this month's DevOps KC Meetup! Metrics and Test Automation! If you're near KC come join us!
Today's Image of the Day: Dumbbell Nebula Pumps Out Light Show -
A very long, but very good thread on "cancel culture", along with the importance of knowing the questions asked in surveys and polls
RT If you do not think this reply is funny, then you simply have not been paying attention.
Yeah looks like they've fixed it 🤣😂
No, it's all links right now... and images I believe. Musk fucked up the APIs and rate limited his own service.
Bills due and Fusk not able to pay them? 🤣 " links get the following error: "{"errors":[{"message":"Your current API plan does not include access to this endpoint, please see for more information","code":467}]}"
Gawd - who's making such a ridiculous comment?
Missed the "All of the above" lol
RT MAGAs call me the "Radical Left." I believe in full LGBTQ rights, that black lives really matter, that we should protect…
RT ‘Deadpool: No Good Deed’ was released six years ago today! ⚔️
RT This is a call for genocide.
RT Just when things were startin’ to make sense to me here
You got it backwards Tim.
Due to my limited exposure to pickleball, I'm qualified to make this hot take: It's just adult-sized ping pong
RT Introducing Straight Male Friend (available everywhere except therapy)
RT Travis Kelce's monologue!
RT We’re LIVE with and on and
Collective Nielsen ratings in KC tonight for SNL are gonna go through the roof... T-Minus 3 minutes
Oh for sure. Everyone always does it wrong.
All it needs is a square cut and then we would have Tavern-style
I mean, it seems my lot in life
I'm obsessed
My laughing disturbed Biscuit
Started watching Shrinking on Apple TV and it's sooo good
I can totally picture this
Well, guess who's not your guinea pig now huh?
Yeah, that's close to the response I had too
Final update on this journey... Had my follow up after sinus surgery last week, &amp; given how my throat closes causing the severe sleep apnea, I'm not a candidate for the Inspire (internal CPAP). So, I'm stuck with CPAP for the foreseeable future. ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
Fuck James! I'm so sorry! 😮😥
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's ER-2 Flying High -
RT Take a page from the book of these three women as they share their personal experiences in perfecting the #RemoteWork balance…
I'm George Santos
What's great is this reply from 2019
If one has ever been to KCDC you would see that the OP likes non Detroit-style pizza just fine. OP is just talking shit for the sake of shit.
RT Manchester United: 30 Real Madrid: 28 Napoli: 27 Barcelona: 26 Manchester City: 26 PSG: 26 Arsenal: 25 No team from Europe…
Invites have been made! Next week at SCaLE20x and DevOpsDays LA would have been good ones, too. Will let you know on the next ones coming up! 💪🤘
Today's Image of the Day: Pre-Dawn Launch for Crew-6 -
RT Did ya hear the one about the guy who walked into a smoke shop for sweets and paid $20 for gummy bears? He go…
Apologies. Hard to tell anymore 🫤
Yep. Didn't imply she didn't finally get her GED
A solid take and 🧵 from Holly, who hits the nail on the head as always
RT “Inherently divisive concepts in schools” - We live in a nation where many label truth about injustice and persistent harm…
You do know that stopping more Fetanyl year over year is a good thing? You seem to struggle with basic intelligence.
So, uh: * How many states and territories are in the US? * How many of them are represented in your tweet? You must have skipped High School Civics Class. What a disgrace.
Thank you so much Sarah for coming and speaking! It was a great talk and had some great interaction afterwards.
Happy to answer questions about CircleCI for you - we have an awesome free plan to get started, and if you're building OSS it's even more awesome (400k credits/mo)
Today's Image of the Day: Venus, Jupiter, Moon Shine from Space Station -
Very disappointed they've intentionally ignored an Android version all these years, saying it would be too hard to do, or no one really wants it, etc. Sad, because I liked using on my iPad, but it's not practical.
RT It's the first day of womens history month. Friendly reminder, that if you are a brand that doesn't support and raise wo…
RT - SLAMS for bringing “somebody that he met at a gun club” to the first House Judiciary Committee hea…
Next up is Sarah Morgan, Sr. Product at and helping us at #DevOpsKC understand the difference between Observability and Performance Monitoring
It was either that or let you introduce yourself...
In the first of 2023, is kicking us off with why we shouldn't fear the Kafka Monster to a packed room
Nothing of consequence
RT Some words from Scott Adams’ polar opposite, Charles Schulz. ❤️
Well, it's about damn time.
RT All roads have led to this. Ted Lasso Season 3 premieres March 15
Not currently planning on it, but if we end up doing something around that we'll let you know.
RT I'm #jacked to announce that I released a new multi-architecture buildpack, without using self-hosted infrastructure, thanks t…
RT THREE games in just 7 days against Leicester (PL), Barcelona (UEL knockout), and Newcastle (Cup final) but he didn't comp…
RT Manchester United lifting the Carabao Cup — first trophy under Erik ten Hag 🏆🔴 #MUFC 🎥
RT Ladies and gentlemen, your 2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ #CarabaoCup winners: Manchester United 🏆🤩
Yeah ETH is brilliant. Reformed the squad in one season, bringing discipline and life back.
What a difference a manager with a plan and an eye towards putting his players in positions to be successful makes
17 goals in 19 appearances since the World Cup... There's no more clinical player in football this season. Go RASHIE!! #MUFC #CarabaoCupFinal
RT CASEEMIROOOO!!! 💥 #MUFC || #CarabaoCup
Especially if most of their work has been done on internal projects, or, *gasp* on GitLab.
RT They say never meet your heroes but they never warn you about not following them on twitter
RT Today, celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth #BelovedCommunityMindset
The more you have to google to remember the specific GPG commands, the longer the party lasts, the more your guests get drunk and eat all the good snacks
Whenever I have time, I like to get out my camera and take some pics but I don't do it enough
Are we talking a laundry hamper size?
I'm going, but still recovering from the last jiujitsu hold you put me in... But I'll video for you lol
RT Hey everyone! I need to find someone who is: - going to kubecon EU or doesn't mind being in Amsterdam during that time - is a…
💙
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-6 Preparations Continue -
Surgery went well, and I'll find out if I can do Inspire with the doc saying it's borderline and he'll have to confer with colleagues. Recovery shouldn't be too terrible, but will have some drainage for awhile.
Yeah, it has been. Cataracts and then this. 乁⁠(⁠ ⁠•⁠_⁠•⁠ ⁠)⁠ㄏ
Today's Image of the Day: John Glenn Goes Into Orbit -
Yeah, will find out if I can get it, and then have that at a later date if I can
Yeah that's what they're essentially doing today
Talk to your PCP and they'll recommend options. I did a home study, and then had to do an overnight stay study because insurance couldn't believe it was as bad as it was
Looking forward to this meetup next week!
Yeah they're clearing up the airway and straightening on the inside, and then will check if the Inspire will work. If so, that surgery will be at some point in the near future
Nah more like they're clearing up my airway, straightening it up on the inside, to help with breathing, and then will check to see if I'm a candidate for Inspire, the CPAP implant
And as much as everyone might hope, it won't improve my nose. It'll still be large.
So I'm finally able to take the next step in dealing with my severe sleep apnea, and getting approved for the Inspire CPAP implant, with sinus surgery today. Yay.
RT Excited to be attending today. Visit our booth for some awesome swag and stickers. Plus, we have a giveaway for…
As others have said, this isn't new. It's also a recipe for burnout, waterfall, etc, because you're never actually done, and the client gets needy, upset, and volatile. In theory it sounds great, but in application it's often a disaster.
RT In case you missed it, Mean Time To Dopamine (MTTD), has a new best friend, Mean Time To Innocence (MTTI). #DevOps
Aww! I wish I could have been there this year!
Aggressive vaccine booster lol
RT Homeboy was not having it 🤣 Sound up to enjoy the sweet melody of this tantrum.
I was expecting better live tweeting Patrick
RT Don't become that sad architect. Be an engineer. Own your code in production. This is the way.
RT According to the carrier of HB 2238, there are over a million trans athletes competing in America. If the #ksleg operated unde…
Aka "New variants of Canadian Bacon entering the US"
Today's Image of the Day: A Blue Farewell -
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Celebrates National Engineers Week: Perspectives from Jamesa Stokes -
Apologies to those who attended my "High-performing engineering teams and the Holy Grail" talk at last week, I meant to get my slides out earlier. But, better late, than never, right? #DeveloperWeek
It is a good one, and I can only hear it in the voice of the trailer guy
RT If I ever hear of another politician say they were waiting for a mass shooting to act on gun violence I am going to lose…
That's a good one too
Ok so this makes no sense how this figures it out...
Is there a more overused phrase in movies than "It {starts|ends} now"?
Ermahgerd what is this?
RT When a Black or brown American demands racial or social justice they're ridiculed &amp; told to leave America—but when a white…
RT Mark your calendars for 3/10-12 📅 DevOpsDays LA and SCaLE20x will be packed with talks focused on helping you succeed withi…
RT This video!! 💙💛
RT From the Reality Check survival guide: (1) If you're in a dream - spinning top (2) If you're in a computer simulati…
Much less John the Baptist and his long hair
Peanut butter and chocolate
Dude thanks man. I appreciate it.
Aww shucks thanks Austin. This means so much.
RT Former President Carter is so under-appreciated: -In the 1960’s he supported civil rights, which hurt his early politica…
As a lifetime Chiefs fan, we knew was something special in the 2017 preseason as a rookie shadowing Alex Smith, and ended up playing just 1 regular season game that year (also his first NFL 4th quarter come from behind victory) (From acedeuceflop on TikTok)
Sharat, you're in a wooded area with a white water tower behind you. If that doesn't help, close Twitter and call for help. Or blink twice.
RT Here's this week's latest content from Black developers and Black Developer Advocates. Let's amplify it:
"I don't know what to tell you bro. I love you." - Love the Kelce family. You did good
This Kelce family is so awesome. "Let's celebrate with Trav." -
Class acts from both teams in #SuperBowlLVII. One of the best SBs of all time.
But yet....
RT Exploring other tiki bars with friends!
Ahh, I see you’re still back on your bullshit.
I'm through Episode 5 and I agree with this
Well, there’s time for that to change and still attend. Here’s hoping there are good things ahead.
I truly wish you could have been there! You gonna be at OSS NA? Maybe we can convince Corey that it’s worthwhile?
Hah… Might have been something we discussed over drinks this week… I’m a little fuzzy on the readout.
RT “Add a zero to the price tag of a commercial API” is a bold strategy by a cloud provider scrambling to catch AWS.
RT Oh absolutely. I've been against sms-based mfa for some time now. I'm just baffled by the decision to make i…
My guess is he took one look at the Twilio bill and decided to gut it along with all the others because he had better ideas. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Fair point. The positive here, is that at least you can still use other forms of authentication which are _way_ better and secure than SMS 2FA. But holy moly is this path a terrible idea.
I mean, it’s a pretty amazing build-up to April Fools. I’m just afraid that’s April Fools 2045.
What in the hell? That book now rivals "War and Peace" for length, and a Brandon Sanderson novel for wild content and droning on.
RT So the time has come to decide what’s going to the topic I talk about at — to the folks that follow me on
OH: "Seasonal chicken parm is my jam"
Today's Image of the Day: Let’s Roll, Crew-6! -
RT Hearing about how we can get to the high-performance engineering team holy grail from at #DeveloperWeek2023 #Devel…
I feel like at some point in the near future you’ll be approached about a movie…
Agreed. Too many bring on DevRel as a role before they even have a Product, or make their one Dev Advocate the entire Marketing org.
"PUBLIC!"
Feels like a business idea Corey
💙💙💙💙
Aww thank you!
Congrats on the role Tim! 🎉🎉
Thank you Oleg! 🙌🙏
RT Welcome to DevoxxUK 🇬🇧, the developer community conference bringing together a diverse group of developers from around the wo…
Thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Thank you Tristan! 💙
Exactly
Thank you Cecilia, me too!!!
Ohhh! Joining the new job brigade I see! Can't wait to hear what's next
Yesss! Hopefully I can make it this time!
This. All of this! nails it, and why "I'll just fork it!" is rarely ever a good response to things not going the way you want them to in an open source project
Gross...
RT Doing complex things is at odds with "making things easy" (every slogan for every SAAS ever). If you don't know how stuff…
Thank you Matty!!
Hey - come get your dude. And me.
Yes, but delicious
DogPig or PigDog seem like bad science experiments, which wouldn't actually be entirely out of bounds for everything we chatted about... 🤨🤔😆
Made sure to drink one for you
QuinnyDog has a nice ring to it
Had some great drinks and conversation with last night (it didn't send last night for some reason), with this Whistle Mule being amazing.
RT quick thread, retweets of which would be most welcome. just got off the line with a recent CS/math grad and Ukrainian woman w…
RT The one and only presenting at #PHPUK23 talking about Diving into New Technologies and the patterns you see.…
#monktoberfest
I'm staying at the conference hotel there... I'm currently in SF having dinner. Meet up later?
When the OKR says "Release products with names rivaling AWS word salads"
RT “Today, GitHub Copilot is behind an average of 46% of a developers’ code across all programming languages—and in Java, that…
YESSS
Yes but is that the character you want?
Uh, yes! I'm in Oakland. So are quite a few others!
RT Did you miss "This is just the beginning. We ain't done yet," #ChiefsKingdom!
Boom. Let's do this.
RT Let’s hear Travis Kelce again, shall we? #ChiefsKingdom
RT Moments after the Chiefs defeated the Eagles in Super Bowl LVII, the celebrations kicked off with a spectacular firewor…
RT Don’t doubt ‘em. | #ChiefsKingdom
RT What a game. What a feeling. Let it sink in Chiefs Kingdom. WE ARE WORLD CHAMPS 🏆
RT Wow. #ChiefsKingdom showed UP. 🔥
Oh.
I'll grab some bubble wrap
Yeah, just not noticed it this bad. Or it's a combo with SF highways
I don't remember T3sla vehicles being so rough, but this ride is bouncing me arpund
ChatGPT making some audacious claims these days
Damn right
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Chris.... Do you even look at your messages in the many Slacks we are in together? 🤣😂
I'm getting in soon
Today's Image of the Day: Practicing Our Moonwalk -
Excited to hear what has to say about Kafka! Come join me!
Headed to #DeveloperWeek2023 in SF... Who all will I see there, or who all in SF wants to meet up?
"Y'all it's the Todd Libby Sports Hour. Call 84G-OFY-OSLF to hear Todd's Hot Takes!"
"Jalen Wilson has been one of the 5 best players in the country. He deserves to get that call. I'm sorry, that's a foul. He should be (treated?) differently." - What in the hell are you talking about? come get your boy....
And again, is whinging about referees reviewing a call to make sure the foul is properly assigned.
Yeah...
Uhh... announcer on this #KUvOSU game just literally told people to call and complain to their Congressman because he doesn't like officials reviewing a foul (to make sure the right player got the foul, or that it wasn't flagrant)... Like, WTF? "We're losing viewership…
Got a feeling JuJu won't be on the team next year
. dropping truth right here. You don't want _any_ referee in _any_ sport deciding to not call a foul or penalty just because it's in the closing minutes of the game. It was a hold - video evidence proves it, the player admits it.
RT Eric Bieniemy has been the Offensive Coordinator overseeing a 2x time mvp, 2x Super Bowl champion qb, 2x Super Bowl mvp. W…
RT I want #Chiefs Eric Bieniemy to say "I no longer want to be an NFL head coach. The process discriminates against Black cand…
RT In case you forgot, Eric Bieniemy should be a HEAD COACH.
RT The Cardinals are choosing a HC soon and deciding between: A) a defensive coordinator Eric Bieniemy hung 23 points on in a…
RT Time to believe. New season kicks off 3.15.23
RT Here it is. We’re back 15 March. Fucking Ides of March. Make of that what you will. #Believe #COYGH #TedLasso #AFCRichm…
Yep, will do.
Wow Jason! Sorry to hear this! Let me know if I can help in any way!
When he's correct... /shrug
Homer.
Hi, my name is Jeremy, and I like to cook.
I didn't know you were a fan like
Oh come on... I really want to know whether Tailwind is bean chili (aka stew) or real chili.
#blameMary seems to be trending right now
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Visits South Padre Island -
Absolutely, though I'm not surprised.
This right here. Class act by every one of the Eagles, who played so well.
RT Classy answer by Nick Sirianni on the James Bradberry call. Some teams may want to take notes. “I know it always appears…
Eric Bieniemy and Andy Reid literally playing Madden NFL 22 in the 2nd half last night! #ChiefsKingdom
RT As Kansans we often indulge our identity as the Free State, ignoring the violent struggle that preceded this title and the…
RT 👋 Hey #London friends! I’m in town for #PHPUK with As a bonus for the conference, we are holding a meet-up…
Yep. And it's one of the things the organization changed with recommendations from representatives from the regional First Nations, who also recommended the Chiefs not change their name.
Congrats to the Eagles on a great season, and a game well played.
RT The Eagles defense feasted on bad QBs all year. They were never going to have an answer for Patrick Mahomes, whose offen…
Make it for and I'll take care of you. Or any other time.
Still illustrates the point... It's rude and disrespectful.
RT SUPER BOWL LVII CHAMPIONS!!!
RT Mom's always there. 💚
RT Patrick Mahomes is the first Black Quarterback to win multiple Super Bowls.
¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯ I hear you, but this is the same with any competitive sport to be honest.
Wait, wut? That's what you're supposed to do. It's called clock management. Play for the win. Guaran-damn-tee Philly (or Buffalo) does that if they're in the same situation
RT What a dynamic sport
RT FIVE YEARS. 2 MVPS 2 SUPER BOWL MVPS THE BEST START TO A CAREER WE’VE EVER SEEN. PATRICK BLEEPING MAHOMES
RT SUPER BOWL CHAMPS!!! 💍 #ChiefsKingdom
I expect to hear him in a few secs
LET'S GO!! FOR THE WINNNNN!!! #CHIEFSKINGDOM
Olsen literally arguing with an expert former-referee about a real holding call and whether you call it or not.
Sadly a hallmark of Spags defenses
FFS... Hit again with the defensive mismatch and give up a huge long pass
RT SECOND HALF MOOD #SBLVII
LET'S GO!! #ChiefsKingdom 2 punts by the Eagles, and 2 straight touchdown drives and we're up 8 with 9:22 to go 4th quarter. Outscored the Eagles 21-3 in the 2nd Half.
LET'S GO!! #ChiefsKingdom 2 punts by the Eagles, and 2 straight touchdown drives and we're up 8 with 9:22 to go 4th quarter.
TONEY! Chiefs GM Veach made the best trade this season #ChiefsKingdom
RT Your turf is trash
RT #MVPat TD #2️⃣
Alright Defense, we have the lead and now we need a stop. #ChiefsKingdom
RT Isiah Pacheco plays football like a psychiatrist prescribed it as anger management therapy.
Is it a requirement that Fox Sports announcers have to pan for the favourite in games? Asking for all the "underdogs"... Greg Olsen has brushed the wings of the Eagles all night.
That's how you start the second half Chiefs #chiefskingdom
United commerical starting out by saying it's the story of an airline powered by trash... And it all makes sense now.
NGL the 2nd half comes down to the status of Mahomes's ankle
RT Reminder that a guillotine on a stage is the only platform nazis deserve.
TAKEAWAY AND TOUCHDOWN, KANSAS CITY! #CHIEFSKINGDOM
Two obvious holding penalties uncalled on the same play within 5 yards of each other... Come on! #ChiefsKingdom
Gonna come down to "we should have for it on 4th and 3 in the 1st quarter" isn't it? #ChiefsKingdom
RT KELCE NO JABRONI #SuperBowl
RT WHO ELSE BUT KELCE 😉
RT Indiana Jones fighting the Nazis? That’s not gonna go over well on Fox.
No stopping Kelce and his dirty leg dance #ChiefsKingdom
Eagles fans booing Prescott while he's being honoured for winning the Walter Payton Man of the Year award is pretty shitty
For the next few hours, this account will be a #ChiefsKingdom stan account. LET'S GO CHIEFS!
I'm finally starting to watch, and about done with episode 1. I'm liking so far how close the first episode is to what I remember of the game.
RT Whole Super Bowls were won in less time.
Uhh what?
Ahh makes sense then. I'll be in Oakland for DevWeek next Wednesday - Friday. Let's connect!
Wait Tristan was in KC???
OH: "You're letting your inner teenage bitch out."
Today's Image of the Day: Eagle's Nest -
RT 😂😂😂😂
RT Fear-based decision-making is something many struggle with... ...that we are nervous or even scared about doing something n…
Looking forward to our first DevOps KC meetup in 2023! Hope to see you there!
Congrats! I too don't use Apple Mail! 😄
RT "Here is a revelation: when debugging behavior, we are approaching it in the wrong order. How could I possibly know in wha…
RT It’s official: Patrick Mahomes is a two-time AP NFL MVP! The Chiefs QB easily beat out his Super Bowl counterpart, Jalen Hurts…
RT PATRICK MAHOMES IS YOUR 2022 NFL MVP 🏆 His second MVP in five seasons 👀
Amazing 🤩
Hah that's interesting
Nice little history of GitHub's PR evolution
Narrator: They're often the same
I have the original Key Lights and love them
Usually it's but is looking interesting as an alternative
They rock paper scissors each possession
RT DevRelCon London news: we're hoping to announce dates this Friday. We're looking at June and we're very excited to kick…
Wait.. I thought that was an electronic flute/clarinet, but it's a MIDI controller, ala Pied Piper? I vote wears a Pied Piper costume at Render and uses this.
Props to the #CivoNavigate team. They put on a good event, at an amazing venue, with no apparent hiccups. Thank you for including me
Yeah, another nail in the coffin. Consistent rumor I'm seeing is a 1:1 ratio... If you have 99 followers and follow 100 people, you can't follow anyone else until you gain another follower. Doesn't actually encourage engagement, and will likely increase spam accounts and people…
Will you feed me if I do this?
Yup. As good as Lebron is, his antics over the years would have earned him a beat down on the court many times over. Not sure he would have come close.
But this is interesting.. you did this without Twitter Blue 😆🤘
#StorytellingIn4K I used but ChatGPT would be good too
Check the hashtags.... 🤘
Did you get the tldr hashtags? 🤣😆
Well, I pay for Blue... For shits and grins, and with the thought that it doesn't actually help Fusk and costs him more
I buried the lede though Gareth
The tldr is the two hashtags embedded
Because I could, Gareth.
4000 characters of blind text ftw... With a couple secret messages too. So stupid.
Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it…
RT It’s us, we’re publishing company
You've talked to my kids haven't you?
I have the same mic but using the lower arm from Elgato and that Procaster pics everything up nicely without it being in my face or on camera
Gotta say, this new Tweetdeck is really nice.
Today's Image of the Day: Bringing More Power to Space Station -
Some things just resonate Tracy.
"What is Observability [in this context]? Simply put, it's having a camera at the doggy day care to see who's poop your dog is eating." - 👏🤘😆🤣
Looking forward to talk on Observability at Home!! #CivoNavigate
Yes, I _will_ have a penicillin cocktail tyvm
RT Hey #London friends, and I are coming to a meet-up near you! Come join us for some nosh, drinks and good c…
RT This was a fabulous and very entertaining talk, but not just hilarious slides. Also great content! #C…
RT “It’s okay to fail” is a recurring theme in this morning’s talks at #CivoNavigate from &amp; I…
Thank you Marino ❤️🤘
RT The meme potential of this talk is high. Looking forward to what has to say about high performance t…
RT Listening about high performing engineering teams at Navigate
RT Sup 👋🏽🔥 Always great hearing your humorous talks with great perspectives on cloud native and dev technology…
Come to my talk this morning, at 10a ET in The Theatre, and hear about high-performing engineering teams. Or just come for GIFs like these... Either way, see you soon at #CivoNavigate!
OH: I need to get off my ass and get running again, but my ass is just so comfortable
RT them: “i don’t know why you’re still on twitter” me:
It's nice! But it's Florida. There are always trade-offs.
. is HERE at #civonavigate talking about his beginnings in tech and the little toys he would create and pranks he would play
OH: Do you mean "Dev" or "Devil's" advocate?
OH: I don't miss the joystick
OH: You really haven't posted any OHs recently have you?
It's the little things that make me think of you Sean
Here's how you get rid of shitty whiskey...
Today's Image of the Day: A Visit to NISAR -
By "TikTok" I'm assuming you mean "power outages", and "having sensitive information shared with the Chinese Communist Party" you mean "having to deal with ineptitude caused by failed policies and pandering to the GOP"
I'm really blessed here at CircleCI to be part of a Marketing org (and larger company for that matter) that understands we are the "voice of the developer" so while we don't bring in SALs/MQLs, we help build those connections. Happy to discuss further.
RT "If you’re not happy with the tool you’re using, you’re not going to be as productive ... I think companies are recogniz…
Now I have the FOMO!
Absolutely, and we are in Marketing. It's important to understand their needs, and look for all intersects and build those cross-functional opportunities, both internal and external.
Yeah, will be a change, but long overdue
I can't wait. Had to use the old one today while looking longingly at the new. First trip from the new will be Mar 8!
Breathe. Hydrate. Start a conversation with a few early attendees to your talk while you're getting setup.
The easy answer would be to break up into multiple jobs to enable the parallelism, but we would love if you could provide the full use case and idea on our board and I'll make sure to get the team to review!
Oh they definitely are, dating back to 2009 when they got out of it on appeal due to some bad paperwork on UEFAs part (big surprise). They can't even appeal this time though. It's glorious. And the list of possible punishments is even better!
Thanks Zan! Let's catch up soon
Thank you!
Yes! 🤘
Thanks!! 🤜🤛
Thank you!
Thank you Kurt 🤘
Thank you 🥂
🙌🤘💪
Absolutely! Thank you 👐
Thank you Sasha! 🙏
🤘🙌 thanks! Celebratory drinks soon
Thank you! 🙏
🎉 BREAKING NEWS!! 🎺 It's been a long road, but today starts my 2nd week at as Director of #DevRel for their newly formed DevRel and #DevEx function! I look forward to contributing to their mission and working with the talented team to engage the #DevCommunity
I have picked up “The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck” by again, and this just hits: “To not give a fuck is to stare down life’s most terrifying and difficult challenges and still take action.”
RT I woke up this am, scanned Twitter from bed, and spent an hour debating whether I could stomach the energy to respond to th…
Use it because of discoverability, and use Slack primarily due to the community legacy use
Congrats Carmen !!
Not many better views see while working....
Dude. That hair is amazing.
🤣😆😂 Weren't they investigated a few years ago by UEFA and ultimately they said, "We see nothing wrong, you're doing things they way we do them. Carry on."?
It's a travesty!
Conference season 2023 kicks off for me today with a trip to Tampa for #CivoNavigate. Looking forward to presenting some metrics on the Holy Grail - high-performing engineering teams.
Conference season 2023 kicks off for me today with a trip to Tampa for #CivoNavigate. Looking forward to presenting some metrics on the Holy Grail - high-performing engineering teams.
I went in December one year, and even though I hate the cold I loved it. Even went to a Swedish bath house on the Baltic Sea. 15/10 would recommend.
HI FRENS
Ahh, yes, I'm well acquainted
What's that?
Yeah, that's creepy on all levels
What is your DevOps conversation starter/stopper when at a party?
Ironically...
Not sure how I feel about it yet, but it's a darker blue with some smokey fade
Working on a new colour combination... Still blue, but it should be "smokin'!"
Oh that would be awesome!
RT These gender reveals are getting out of control…
RT Okay, on the Chinese balloon(s), I’m just gonna say… Perhaps -and I’m just spitballing here- there’s a some really smart…
RT Socialism is the word Republicans use when they're plotting to steal your retirement money. Pass it on.
RT ok but, hear me out here, have you tried turning it off and then just leaving it off
RT Make real clam M&amp;Ms, you cowards.
Today's Image of the Day: Spiral Galaxy Spans Space -
Finally... I got to scream into the cloud with my friend I don't quite remember what we talked about (I've slept a few times since then....), so join me in listening! It also might make for good background noise to put yourself to sleep. Either way, you're welcome.
Finally... I got to scream into the cloud with my friend I don't quite remember what we talked about (I've slept a few times since then....), so join me in listening!
Yeah, there are only 3 dates I think that AK3 is with them
Same. Come to and then the next day go to the show
Yeah it's bonkers, and I don't see _anyone_ paying this. This impacts every Twitter engagement platform, like Buffer, SproutSocial, SEMRush, etc. Their income models just got blown up.
RT Meet Jarid Lundeen. A 7th-grader. From Minot, North Dakota. He needs to make a layup, a free-throw, a three pointer, an…
Say goodbye to all those third-party Twitter apps we know and love so much
Today's Image of the Day: Astronauts' View of the Moon -
You could submit this as a feature request at as well. The team looks at these often, and moves them into the roadmap where they fit.
Thanks Jan-Niklas! Jay, would love to hear more on this. You can run parallel jobs of course, but it sounds like you're wanting to go a bit more fine-grained and parallelize inside jobs. Would splitting those up into different parallel jobs where applicable not work?
Sounds perfect. See y'all soon
Excited to take my daughter to see with this summer!! Been on our list for years!
And you'll be padded while doing so
I will make sure we have some around
Primarily known for their sauce... Decent BBQ. Not too far-ish from downtown. I got you (of course).
And we will share it together
But what if we're at DevNexus and I'm all out of Jameson?
"You can doubt the Chiefs, you can dislike the Chiefs, you can disrespect the Chiefs, but you're going to have to deal with the Chiefs!" - #ChiefsKingdom
It's my wife's but I'm using it because I gave it to her (via )
Keep on grinding
When it comes to food....
Go hard all the time Austin
Were they frozen?
Great thread of opportunities to work with an amazing person, and be part of a growing team at Temporal!
Oh it is, and basically on par with good USB 3 / Thunderbolt 4 docking stations these days.
The new TS-4 is the best and geared around the new M* MacBooks. Love mine.
Thanks Chris... Bekah- I wrote something that might be helpful with some questions that can be applied during the interview process and some during the onboarding ( , and has a great series on the overall role -
Tell me you're a Gen-Xer with a picture without telling me you're a Gen-Xer. I'll go first...
Great! It'll be a good time
Absolutely, let's make it happen
RT The CircleCI #VSCode extension was ranked by as one of the most useful for #developers using 🎉 See the full…
Yup yup!
I used to skate... and sucked at all of those, and still have some scars. I'll stick to the other "grind" as the preferred/only one.
Ahh, yeah, that's a definite grind
WHAT. THE. FUCK. (⁠┛⁠ಸ⁠_⁠ಸ⁠)⁠┛⁠彡⁠┻⁠━⁠┻
Today's Image of the Day: Flora, Fauna at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center -
It means exactly that... You gotta grind the coffee to drink it. What else could it mean?
Making some more freshly-ground coffee myself
After over 2 months (11wks) of downtime (aka non-event work), I have a few conferences coming up between now and the end of April. Who am I going to see? #civonavigate #DeveloperWeek SF #kubeconEU
Congrats to you both!!! Amazing!
"Choose your own thrilling experience?"
I browsed through those tweets and I'm... Uhh... Wow. 🤨
And I'm going this year
Hahahahahaha! Oh, you're serious... I'm terrible, and even my son prefers to play his mother. But sure, I evidently like punishment. jerdog76
Now we're talking
im beginning to not use punctuation in my emails
&lt;map&gt; tag would like a word
I know you are but what am I?
Nice! I'm intrigued!
Paging who has quite the plethora of experiences at Web Summit
I haven't started watching the series yet....
You mistake me for a classic guy
Yup and I'm gonna use that in real life the next time I need to adjust
He doesn't know. I'm furiously googling.
Congrats dude! Amazing news!
Who here has ever heard of "en passant" in chess? My 15yo just did it and now he's out of my will.
So one could say, she "Marie Kondo'ed all of us" I'll show myself out.
BJ Hill showing how to be a teammate and stand in the gap when your teammate needs support.
Congrats! That's awesome, and can't wait to see reports of how it's going!
Looks like I gave 26 talks.. 🤨
Today's Image of the Day: Volcanic Plumes in Chile -
I guess I should say, "Thanks for this award...
RT Beating the Chiefs in the playoffs is such a shocking accomplishment that the Bengals won ONE GAME IN ARROWHEAD and trul…
RT “You can doubt the Chiefs. You can dislike the Chiefs. You can disrespect the Chiefs. You’re gonna have to deal with the Chief…
RT Never seen a team that played in the AFC Championship Game 5 years in a row be disrespected as much as the Chiefs.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARINO!
RT Frank Clark is smoking the Joe Burrow cigar on his way to the chiefs locker room
Gonna be a great Super Bowl!
RT Big mood.
"To that Cincinnati Mayor, KNOW YOUR ROLE, AND SHUT YOUR DAMN MOUTH JABRONI!" - 😜😂🤣💯 #ChiefsKingdom
Yeah, they're our next door neighbors
"To that Cincinnati Mayor, KNOW YOUR ROLE, AND SHUT YOUR DAMN MOUTH JABRONI!" - 😜😂🤣💯 #ChiefsKingdom
#ChiefsKingdom Hallelujah, HOLY SHIT, where's the Tylenol?
RT Travis Kelce: “Burrowhead my ass! It’s Mahomes’ house!”
RT #ChiefsKingdom
RT WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!!!
RT They had to play us.
LFG CHIEFS! #ChiefsKingdom
RT BUTKER GIVES THE THE LEAD. #CINvsKC
We shall work on that this year 🤣😂 we both win
Yeah, none of that Prod shit
When I was a child, I drank Bushmills like a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things and drink better Irish whiskey.
Now I'm understanding the rift Sean. Bushmills is low tier. I don't need to involve but I will...
Nonstop Cincinnati this, Burrow that, (wipes spit), Burrow this and that...
Good choices. Heading to the airport.
Could Romo knobgobble Burrow more than he already is? #ChiefsKingdom
Irish whiskey. Always. My two choices currently are Jameson Black and Powers Gold Label.
RT Before Patrick Mahomes became the starter the had never hosted an AFC Title game. Since Mahomes became the starter they…
Oh I know. Believe me, I know.
I get the addition of ham, but wth is it with that stack of bread?
LET'S GO #ChiefsKingdom
Very nice thread on OSS and companies funding development
Love London, and I'll be there soon-ish for QCon and some of CityJS. Looks like you had a beautiful day!
That sounds like a better idea ngl
It's actually quite awesome. I used it in a brine with coffee on my XMas Tri-tip and it rocked.
One begets the other
It's also a noun
I like your spirit
Pausing here to go do other things (hmm nice domain idea here...?) - be back with more some time.
I detest flavoured water, like LeCrap, and so a friend and I had an idea to create the But still haven't done anything with it. See a pattern here?
Burnout is pretty common in #devrel, and so I created back before COVID and had ideas about creating an anonymous blogging platform for DevRel to share their experiences. But then was created, so I probably won't use this.
While building a talk about DevOps and CI/CD, I had a joke about the alphabet soup of things with "Ops" at the end, some of them ridiculous... Which made me register and for shits &amp; grins in the talk. Waiting for some VC to buy it.
The first is - one of the earliest answers from #devopspartygames. Also registered &amp; because, you know, you need options. just redirected. I feel like this has the most potential 😂
🧵 Looking through some of the 32 domains I own, either because: 💡 I had an idea 🤣 it was a joke (to me at least) 🎱 some prompt from #devopspartygames ✅ I'm actually using What follows are _some_ which aren't doing anything. Reply to each and tell me what to do with it.
RT Let's be clear: Tyre Nichols should be alive today. And George Floyd. Breonna Taylor. Laquan McDonald. Tamir Rice. An…
RT You don’t have to watch the video of #TyreNichols being beaten by police. You don’t have to subject yourself to that tra…
Today's Image of the Day: Day of Remembrance -
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Stellar Duo in Orion Nebula -
Yup.
And don't be surprised if those same people magnifying that BS don't use this as a reason to say "See, policing isn't racist". #BlackLivesMatter
The whole Blue Lives Matter, Thin Blue Line movement is racist, white nationalist, propaganda bullshit and always has been. Yet another black person has been killed at the hands of police in America, but since #TyreNichols murder, they are strangely silent. #BlackLivesMatter
RT It took 2 weeks for 5 Black Memphis police officers to be fired and charged in the murder of #TyreNichols. If only white…
RT I want to extend my deepest condolences to the family of #TyreNichols. You are navigating what no one should have to and e…
So, situation normal, all fucked up?
Proud and happy for you in making this decision, and I can't wait for VueConf
Like, have scientists even watched sci-fi? I respect the hustle, but like, get out of the lab and watch a movie.
FFS - science is cool and all, but have you maybe tried NOT to fuck up the world?
Unicorn right there
You should definitely Etsy those 😜
Yeah, when I went to contacts (from glasses) 25 years ago the thing I immediately noticed was halos. I haven't noticed them yet with this surgery! I had to be out of my contacts for 3-4 days before each eye surgery, so not terrible.
I had a horrific astigmatism, so I've had halos for decades. I'll deal if I have it now. Lol
How well did it pair with the fries?
I don't see PRs being welcome
Thanks Ben
So for the first time since before I was 5 years old, I woke up this morning &amp; was able to see the clock without the help of glasses (could never wear contacts when sleeping). Still have some healing over the next few weeks as my eyes (and brain) fully adjust, but so exciting!!
I just used these Mott's Hot Apple Cider, Keurig Single-Serve K-Cup Pods, 12 Count
Yup. Perfect additions.
Isn't that just Notion?
Oh forgot... WHY ARE YOU USING LIGHT MODE?!?!? #&amp;_&amp;-++)
How rude!
These would slap in quite a few genres
So sorry to hear this!
You'll be there, right?
RT #Java developers: Register for ROCK STAR speakers such as
I just brewed a hot apple cider pod in my Keurig into an inch of whiskey waiting in the mug. #AdultingAndStuff
Glad you're getting it figured out. I was over 70x...
I mean, I do have a spare ticket.....
Today's Image of the Day: President Reagan Calls for Space Station -
fucking hell
That's so beautiful 😍
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Nicole Mann Makes Her First Spacewalk -
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Nicole Mann is pictured during her first spacewalk -
Is that an OKR?
Paint me a landscape
🙌 yep. There from Mon-Thu
/me checks calendar... Got a few coming up ;)
There's always drama... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I too haz no idea! 🍿
Yep. Tis true.
Yep. Tis true.
Today's Image of the Day: Webb Unveils Dark Side -
A great option if you're looking to get off of Unity Cloud Build and all of its challenges. Try the CircleCI #GameCI orb!
I'll be speaking at SF 2023, and with all the layoffs, I wanted to pass along a link to get free tix to the keynotes, Expo, OPEN talks, and more, and an opportunity to talk to companies who are hiring.
No, I do get that. And it was funny. But I've seen him say almost what I replied with to those he disagreed with, so just keeping some consistency 😜😂
ChatGPT for the win! 🤣😂. j/k has had ducks for awhile, they might have some advice?
I think I know that person... 🤔🤩
Gonna find a meetup or conference in Portland and I'll be there
Boom. Nailed it. Original here as well -
Oh, nothing.
RT Interested in volunteering for PgConf NYC 2024? We have multiple volunteer opportunities available. Fill out the form below…
Been craving a for awhile ( knows what I'm talking about), and finally found it in my local, and it was acquired
Emily, this is on main. 😂
🤬 Fucking hell. And in all my years of management, it's the men who are the emotional, unlikable, difficult ones.
I think the decision to slow play Ugarte's signing and not get him registered for this match to replace Casemiro is one we'll be questioning for awhile... He has been so sloppy, returning to his 2023-24 form.
Fucking hell #MUFC... Defend the back post. We're lucky that was offsides.
Yeah, I did like it for some odd reason
Hank is such a good boy! Alice and Biscuit would happily share their respective resting spots, if they weren't such lazy Beagles
The "we" is doing a lot of work in that sentence 😅😂
What's your favourite jam song from the 1990s? I'll go first: "Stars" by
XBox Series S Sony PlayStation 4 #Madden25
RT A number of former teammates may be interested in this role Check out this job at HeroDevs:
Yeah we've got quite a lot of Teslas here and I have seen probably 5 Cybertrucks
This was sent to me, and they're looking pretty hard right now for #JAVA devs w/ Ops experience in Spring, #SpringBoot, Maven, and Gradle. Reply if interested, and I can get you connected directly to the hiring manager (and they will watch this thread)
AI David Attenborough explaining the idiocy of the CybershitTruck is fucking amazeballs (Source: video since deleted)
Watched seasons 3 and 4 (the final) of #TheUmbrellaAcademy over the last week or so, and I gotta say I was pleasantly surprised with how it ended. 7 ☔/10 for me
RT Still seeking some sponsors for this super impactful core skills conference! Please do share 💞
RT To all my friends from the #Postgres community! now has a YouTube channel: Subsc…
Thank you for your dedication to #MUFC !
That whole final drive by Dallas was so Dallas-esque it was sad
Love flying on Virgin Atlantic! Their LHR Lounge is top notch the best.
Let's go #Chiefs #ChiefsKingdom
That beard is looking good Todd!
I would expect nothing less. Gonna have to make that happen this year.
Yep, been to a few of them 🤣😂
Ended up cooking a bit longer than I should, but not terrible. Crunchy, but still good.
I've seen it mentioned on the frozen pizza directions, and finally decided tonight was the night. Also, why haven't you replaced it yet?
Dude, you can't even figure out how to give your residents power... Maybe stay in your lane and actually govern your people and provide basic services and quality of life for everyone? Just throwing out ideas.
I let them cook a little too long, so a bit crunchy, but overall not bad. Of course, it took longer than if I had just used the oven, but ¯⁠\⁠(⁠◉⁠‿⁠◉⁠)⁠/⁠¯
Grill/smoke a frozen pizza? Yes, I think I will.
WTH movie trailer did I just see? "80 for Brady"? WTF?
Luckily, the Oxford dictionary saves us as they clearly stated in 2012 when it was the word of the year for the US in 2012 (funnily enough, in the UK it was "omnishambles") that it can be used either way.
Yes - he did. There are plenty of things that get used/pronounced differently than creators intended. That's kinda how it is ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. As early as 1990 I, and everyone I knew, were using the hard G, and when I started working at an ISP in 1995, they all did too.
NGL... Yep.
On the plus side, you get to throw hotdogs
Beagles are tired after watching the Chiefs win #ChiefsKingdom
Good to see you're raising a traditionalist 😜 considering this is how it was always pronounced until the last decade or so 👏👏👏
In addition, a breakdown of the Working Group, which Native tribes they represent, and their statement
Here is a good read of what the Chiefs org has done over the years, the changes implemented and endorsements of what they are as a team from leaders in the Native American community
RT If you don’t love Patrick Mahomes after tonight you never will.
"False start, Offense, all the linemen except for the Center." In all my years of watching football, I don't think I've ever heard that until tonight. 😂🤣
Oh that would be interesting, but no.
Yes. 😀
RT Love how everyone says the economy is bad when companies are raking in profits. Once again, the stock market is not the…
Evidently you aren't cultured
Bingo
Moisture is the essence of wetness
RT So who *is* hiring in tech right now, and what are you hiring for? Asking for several tens of thousands of people
Yes!!
Today's Image of the Day: Suiting Up for Their First Spacewalk -
Or some kind of integration with so you don't have to do extra work to add to your timeline. Mine is hilariously out of date because I cba to add one more thing to my normal workflow which is a nonzero amount of work
/builds ebook bot from Muks tweets
What could go wrong!
FFS stop moving around buttons. The stupid "views" button (that no one wanted) on the timeline just moved to the spot where the Like was, ruining muscle memory.
RT If you use T-Mobile or have friends/family with T-Mobile please remind them that this further increases their risk for SIM…
Would be easier with Rust
Advocacy isn’t primarily an engineering function either. Plenty of companies have Advocates doing amazing work who aren’t in engineering and don’t have much previous experience in that function. They’re literally advocating for/to a product, and that takes on different forms.
Yeah I get the facetious nature 😄😅 but gonna disagree they’re the same role. Evangelism _was_ primarily a Marketing role and came out of the idea of “sharing the good news” (the word’s literal interpretation) of a product in as many places as possible, i.e. “shots on goal”.
Now “Advocacy” generally comes down to a role which advocates for developers using a product to the company making it, and to the developers using a product from the company making it. It’s a two-way relationship built on mutual trust in being the “voice of the developer”.
Not anything I’ve seen at all. Neither are explicitly tied to either department. FWIW, “Evangelism” is rarely used at all anymore for the most part due to the stigma attached to the word itself. Rare exception would be the few “Tech Evangelist” roles out there.
Congrats! That’s awesome and you’re joining a great team!
Well, at this point, grab some rubbing alcohol and try some q-tips and then bang those keys back on, and then sell on ebay once the new one arrives.
Yeah, seeing more nonsense from accounts I haven’t really interacted with than from people I used to interact with a lot, like the algorithm got put into a blender and shat out this nonsense.
Any update on the peanutbutterboard?
RT In 48 hours, you won't owe apologies to anyone but yourself if you've failed to submit in time for the #kcdc2023 CFP. A…
RT Time to win the whole f***ing thing. Here’s your first look at #TedLasso Season 3, coming to Apple TV+ this Spring.
RT The greatest scene in TV history
And there's this thing they do in NYC where they put dough on a big circle pan, add tomato sauce and some things they call "toppings", and call it a "pizza".
Damn that sucks Emily! Let us know how we can help!
Yep. Hands down.
RT Tickets🎟️ tickets🎟️ tickets🎟️‼️ Make sure you purchase a ticket🎟️ at if you didn’t already! Don’t mi…
Today's Image of the Day: Snowy Celestial Mountains -
RT You can be forgiven for thinking the Great #Inflation Story is how a pandemic, a senseless war, and #monopolistic price-gougi…
Well...
Today's Image of the Day: A Well-traveled Beagle -
For the burnt ends, I sliced them into relatively equal sized cubes, covered them with brown sugar and original sauce, and back into the smoker at 225F for about 2 hrs. Overall pretty delicious, but won't do the separate cuts again.
After about 5hrs when it stalled, I wrapped it and cooked it until 745p (11hr smoke), let it rest in foil, wrapped in a towel, and in the cool oven for about 90min, and sliced. Since the point was so thick, I cut that off and made it into burnt ends
Smoked a brisket today. Grocer had trimmed briskets cheap, but I didn't realize they essentially separated the point &amp; flat as well. Made it a bit more challenging, but w/ 's suggestion, rubbed them ( rub) and then smoked them together as one at 225F, in at 830a.
That's awesome! How did you do it?
RT What’s the difference between Gisele and the Bucs? Gisele knew when to move on from Tom Brady.
With an average salary of $2.5mil for a place kicker in the NFL, you'd think this dude could buy at _least_ one FG? Has inflation hit kickers too?
Can't end in a tie
Sad Tom Brady wins out only slightly, but there's a lot of internal conflict
RT This last year, I’ve been leading a UI refresh to make Netflix feel more fluid, delightful, and polished. Today, all that w…
RT Martin Luther King, Jr. said he was weary of anyone “who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro…
RT “A Church that has lost its voice for justice is a Church that has lost its relevance in the world.” #MLK #MLKDay
RT “A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is appr…
RT “Ain't gonna let nobody turn me 'round.” #MLK #CorettaScottKing #JohnLewis #MLKDay #Selma #VotingRights
RT 🧵 of #MLK speeches and sermons in which he speaks truth to power, shares about his philosophy of nonviolence, and expoun…
RT 🧵I want to see in color today, Daddy. Love you. Miss you. #MLK #MLKDay
RT Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor. It must be demanded by the oppressed. #MLK
RT Ah, yes, time for the annual final countdown. Including this lovely Monday, you have FIVE days remaining in the #kcdc20…
👍🍻👍
Or insurance deductible for damages
I'm choosing House 6, 4, or 1. What about you? (via at
“nano home.htm”
Whinging… all of them. May this be what spells the end of their season. Gotta love it. #GGMU #MUFC #ManUtd #ManchesterDerby #MANMCI
RT The LAPD murdered Keenan Anderson. A beloved high school English teacher and father who FLAGGED THEM DOWN FOR HELP after a car…
I had to read that a few times... 😂 Had no idea that it existed, but my wife just told me, "Oh yeah, I knew about it." So ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Amazing! Hope you had a good time at Codemash! My talks didn't get accepted, but if I didn't have cataract surgery this week I would have figured out going as so many of my friends were there!
Oh Farrah, I'm so sorry! Sending all the good vibes! 💙
Sadly no, but this would be a good thing !!
Can confirm, Uniqlo stuff is solid. Have also used Magellan's layering and it is good as well.
I love Bottomless... Been with them since just after the pandemic started, and love getting coffee varietals from all over.
RT Erik ten Hag has beaten Pep Guardiola, Jurgen Klopp, Antonio Conte and Mikel Arteta in his first six months at Man United 👏 htt…
He’s a beagle. He gets his plenty of ways. It was my pizza, Meg.
Anything I can do to help? 😁🥸
... but I 100% agree that I hope that doesn't happen again. It's a judgement call for the officials and VAR, very subjective, but not sure how you prevent that in the future.
Couldn't remove himself w/o impeding the person behind him trying to catch up (player was a bit behind) &amp; deliberately avoids trying to touch the ball... These highlighted sections are the only ones applicable, and decision came down to the judgement he didn't impact ability...
Just watched "The Wonder" with and it's an amazing movie. There's a lot of depth here that's wrapped up in a steady storyline that I highly recommend
The defender marking Rashford was behind him on the right &amp; was not in a position to get to the ball, &amp; Bruno's man was back &amp; on his left. Rashford also didn't make a move to shoot. It's a liberal interpretation of the rule, but the rule still was applied &amp; was verified by VAR.
RT MANCHESTER UNITED HAVE WON THE DERBY 🔥
RT Played 15 ⚽️ Won 11 ✅ No team has earned more points than Man Utd (35) since their win against Liverpool in August, the…
Yeah he's a comedian
Man City showing their lack of mettle and whinging all over the pitch, mobbing the referees to whine about being beaten fairly by a resurgent #ManUtd. They are lucky all their flopping on the pitch didn't earn them any yellow's. #MUFC
Gold. Just gold.
He's a beagle, he'll get his one way or another. And I sleep fine, especially when I let him crawl under the covers to stay warm.
If you've had a beagle, you would understand.
I think I’m going to have to as well. Let’s go shopping.
The team has done a really good job with this Mastodon web app #opensource
The team has done a really good job with this Mastodon web app
Car horn activated reboots. New feature drop.
I had been eating pizza, and Biscuit parked himself waiting for me to drop any. And then when I was done, he watched my empty hand expecting another piece to magically appear. It did not. I ate them all.
RT We appreciate all our customers and our community for your patience while we have been conducting a thorough investigation. I…
RT Incident Report | #CircleCI Security Alert [4 Jan. 2023] What happened, what we’ve learned and what our plans are to continu…
Today's Image of the Day: Atlanta Shines at Night -
Today's Image of the Day: Fun with Fluid Physics -
RT In case you didn't know, Devnexus is: The Largest #Java Conference in the USA The longest-running Java Conference in the USA…
RT All models are wrong, but many models are useful so long as they don't become a religion
I am! Still some blurriness and dilation in the eye, but testing today and that should be gone soon.
Trick question. Those are Twinkies.
RT Republicans in the House constantly telling their followers that bills they are passing are now law tells you exactly w…
Aka #SCaLE20x
Right eye is done, and healing. Gonna have to take it easy tomorrow, and waiting for the dilation drops to go away (probably tomorrow) but so far I'm seeing improvement already. Keeping these glasses too.
Today's Image of the Day: Inspecting Orion -
That's a feature and a bug. It's beautiful.
Was at this game last night, and it was the loudest I've ever heard inside Allen Fieldhouse, maybe a tie with last year's 2OT win. Best venue in college basketball. #RCJH
And... Today is the day. First of two cataract surgeries (because I have two eyes). Unsure what recovery will look like, so I might be offline the rest of the day, or I'll live tweet through it all. Let's GO!
RT You are a fucked up piece of shit as is that consultant cardiologist
Feels to me like the bot tapped into ChatGPT and
It could be neck and neck at this point...
Hey now...
Hah that last bit was thrown in as a joke, but would still love to see that list
Did anyone else see a tweet go by within the last 24 hours that was along the lines of "How to know if you're burned out"? Asking for a friend. =)
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Peek -
But I'm _your_ problem
Yep. This is glorious
RT Whoever filled out a cougar sighting report and wrote "your mother" under the description drop your @ we just want to t…
Them: We'll only call you if your PCR test comes back positive before your eye surgery Me: Cool &lt;.....Phone rings 24hr later&gt; Me: &lt;impending dread&gt; Them: Just calling to let you know your PCR test was negative! See you tomorrow! Me:
Is this a hint that and are going to use #ChatGPT to script their fight/love scenes in #Deadpool3 ?
YESSSS! CONGRATS!!!! FUCKING AWESOME NEWS!
RT DevOpsDays Chicago is back in 2023 on Aug 9-10! Sponsorship and CFP is open now! Check it all out at
RT 👋 Would love to hear from #OSPO folks that are using dependency graph! Please take a quick survey to help the team improve…
Hugo and Netlify CMS 👍👍
Well, you're still using iCal in 2023... So...
RT Everything changes once you know what McCarthy and Gaetz were actually saying #118thCongress #KevinMcCarthy #MattGaetz…
I didn't realize George Santos was hiring Dev Advocates, but this is amazing Tim! CONGRATS!
RT Rep. Hakeem Jeffries bringing the fire. THIS IS LEADERSHIP.
OH: Pot telling the kettle, "Hold my beer!"
RT Kevin McCarthy’s just celebrating Jan 6th the traditional way: by occupying an office in the Capitol where he isn't wa…
Today's Image of the Day: Prepping to Study the World’s Water -
RT I’ve been seeing a lot of people quoting stats that show more athletes died in the last year than have died in the last…
RT A reminder to not fuck with on TV.
When all you got to keep is strong, move along like I know you do
RT Doesn’t the House GOP have a mercy rule like they do in Little League?
Another day, and you've had your fill of sinking with the life held in your hands
Go ahead as you waste your days with thinking when you fall, everyone stands
RT Hipster Knew Nickelback Before They Weren’t Cool
OH1: I drew peepies and boobies in college OH2: So you were a JS Graphic Design major? ME:
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Swings by Kennedy -
RT 5 days left to submit your sessions for #DevoxxUK2023 Don't forget to submit your drafts or delete them to avoid reminder em…
Congrats Laura! The team over there at Dell just got exponentially better!
RT News: McCarthy proposes key concessions: --Will babysit for Gaetz's girlfriends one night a week --Will personally teach Bo…
RT My take from the floor: we have, for all practical purposes, 3 parties in Congress. Democrats, old-line country club Repub…
RT Another exciting announcement for Civo Navigate! Director, DevRel will be joining us to speak about…
RT From instituting mindful autonomous processes to prioritizing stability, executives from share their #predictions for…
Today's Image of the Day: Crew Recovers SpaceX Crew Dragon Endurance -
Almost all of my autocorrect's have moved me to British English instead of the bastardised American English because of my years of working with people in, and traveling to, the UK. I use more u's and s's (instead of z's) than ever. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
RT This promises to be a banger
You mean get a new computer?
Learn JavaScript and get that hipster coffee Did I do it right?
RT If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed.......and we will deserve it.
RT He knows he said the quiet part out loud, right?
. has nothing on you!
Congrats! They're so lucky to have you!
RT It's a brand new year, and we are all settling back into work, but the #kcdc2023 CFP is still open. For... checks notes... SEVEN…
I only go with the best, you know this.
Today's Image of the Day: Bird, Rocket Prepare for Flight at Kennedy Space Center -
Does this change any if I slept at a Holiday Inn Express last night?
RT Give Ryan Clark 1:37 of your time #DamarHamlin
I’m joining on his upcoming Space with some other amazing peeps! Come join us as we talk #devrel
RT 🎉 The 'Women in Cloud Native' community has launched! 🎉 👩‍💻 For women interested in #cloudnative space. We aim to learn…
And yet, not big enough that they leave them alone at tech conferences
Hah, could relate when i was a kid.
And they say The Simpsons always got the future right
RT Listen to this exuberant song of resilience and how beautiful the drumming is. It’s a good new year song.
I've become a fanboi and look forward to more sharing of, and opinions on, Billy
Uh, you forgetting the whole "fleeing to Egypt to escape Herod's genocide" part? That's literally a definition of being a refugee. And at the State Department, which you worked at (which is a bit worrying given your tweet), Jesus and his family would have qualified as a refugee.
Wouldn't have happened if the pass interference had been called on the previous play. Defender with hands all over and keeping MVS from getting his hands up is literally a textbook pass interference call.
Wow this is a sad day 😞
Reminiscing with a friend earlier about the "good ol' days" in #opensource when we just had to worry about mobile phone OEMs following GPLv2 and releasing kernel sources. The stories I could tell.... 😝🫣
After using Teams full-time for the first time this week (instead of just for a random meeting), I can confirm this totally makes sense. (Source:
Getting my flu and Moderna (first time with the Moderna, Pfizer's previously) next Friday... Hoping I have better luck 🤞
RT Normalize dueling to the death for VC funding
Nice! Also, now I'm hungry. Dang it!
Can't say enough about this browser extension from that brings back the classic Twitter experience. So nice to use Twitter again the way it used to be.. There's an extension for Chrome (web), Safari (Mac &amp; mobile), Firefox, Edge - check it out:
Yeah that seems likely. Win10 Pro 22H2 19045.4780 Oh well, we will likely move to Win11 at some point.
RT Join Software Engineer at for his high-speed manifesto on why brain health actually matters: h…
Fucking hell... 15 years?
=) Win10, Displayport/USB-C (via Caldigit TS4+) and updated drivers for everything.
You don't want to miss this year's It's gonna be as amazing as always, and I look forward to speaking about #DevEx with a few surprises thrown in there as well!
Dude, thanks! It was great finally meeting, and look forward to seeing you around things more!
Love you Dom
Oh and don't get me started on how fucking annoying it is to have to reset my window locations every time my screen goes to sleep (and no, I am not going to keep my 49" ultrawide on indefinitely). Yes, I've tried Powertoys, edited the registry, etc. It's frankly ridiculous.
Therapist today helped me understand that this past year of job loss (&gt;1yr ago 😲) and rejection (interviews, friends, etc) eroded my security, and emphasized my lifelong feelings of not being enough. And while it's a journey to come back from, I can do it. I will do it. 💪
Nice timeline cleanser
Gotta love (translation: I HATE THIS SO MUCH) how Windows will give you notifications, but after you've opened the application that has the notification and even opened the _item_ itself, the notification stays in the Notification Center until you click it or clear it.
Does anyone even use anymore? If you did but don't anymore, what are you using instead?
RT Even tho I’m on a family trip I HAD to to take on on Trump taxes No public benefit? The taxes are PACKED with k…
RT They’re so close to getting it.
That's George Santos
RT RIP. Cherish your people.
I was anti until I tried it. Wow.
RT A friendly reminder to drink water. #DrinkWater
I flipped there at just the right time and saw Miley and Dolly Parton sing a duet of "Wrecking Ball" in the lead up to the CST ball drop
You first, you fucker. Literally, you first.
RT I can’t believe George Santos missed that 50 years field goal. Congrats Georgia.
RT Ohio State for the win
I'm no Michigan or TCU fan, but if that's not targeting then what even is targeting? The NCAA has some explaining to do, and whether or not they employ MLS referees during their off-season. #ncaaF #TCUvsMICH
Only thing that would have been better was if paused halfway through in normal speed to take a drink of water. With one hand. 🤣😂
I can't wait for the one I bought for my daughter! Looks amazing!
Lol every angle shows him lowering his head and hitting the middle of the upper back and connecting with his helmet.
I'm no Michigan or TCU fan, but if that's not targeting then what even is targeting? has some explaining to do, and whether or not they employ referees during their off-season. #ncaaF #TCUvsMICH
To all my friends in the future, #HappyNewYear2023! I've seen a lot of you this year, and I hope to see you at some point in the New Year.
Will check my swag provider lol
I'm so grateful I got to see them back in August 2021 on their first tour back after lockdown, and Taylor will always be missed. I'm looking forward to seeing the next iteration of Foo Fighters.
Should make them perforated for easy tearing
Hope it’s good to you, and treats you right
Here's the video (source
Yeah, this has been a surprising stat. Saw a good video (unsure if TokTik or Instavideo) that asked this very question. I became more liberal, but many of my fellow GenX friends I grew up with have mirrored this (sad) trend.
Best tweet of the last week
RT this is what happens when you don’t recycle your pizza boxes
Condolences
I had just been throwing them all into different boxes (USB cables into one, video into another, etc) but getting more specific will be a lifesaver!
Yeah, i’m about to do this today (sometime, I think, maybe?). I have a shelving unit in my office that has gotten overrun and cluttered, and so I’ll be getting some more boxes and then ziploc bags and sorting as you suggested Taylor.
Solid, amazing list indeed!
Thanks Jeff for including me in some great company! I'm honored.
Thank you Carter for the mention! In great company!
RT Last business day of 2022! Gentle reminder, upon your post-holiday return, you'll have **18 DAYS** left in the #kcdc202…
Same goes for UPS and Amazon that let me see when the driver stops to take a piss. I get it, and I'm glad you do, but please wash your hands, ok?
RT We also found out today that Donald Trump is NOT a successful businessman.
RT We found out today that he didn’t do this… “Trump donates his 3rd-quarter salary to fight the opioid epidemic”
Yeah, it dragged on for sure, and I wish they had done a bit more in line with the comics, but ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ ͠⁠°⁠ ͟⁠ʖ⁠ ⁠°͠⁠ ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯ I overall enjoyed the show.
RT this site speaks truth sometimes 😅😂
thought the Finale was good. (4/4)
entertaining. I am _kinda_ looking forward to the new spinoffs, and hope they don’t disappoint the way that Fear the Walking Dead (which started out with a lot of promise I thought) has begun to - I haven’t watched really the last season even. But, all in all, I (3/4)
I didn’t start watching the Series until after Season 4, as I knew if i did I would get sucked in (and then proceeded to watch those first 4 seasons over a weekend 🤯), and proceeded to watch every season after that, and while it did get a bit slow at times, it was (2/4)
So I finally got around to finishing #TheWalkingDead series last night, and for me, the way they did the finale, albeit in LOTR: Return of the King fashion (with ending, after ending), was quite good and had a good bit of welcome (for me) emotion to it, _finally_. (1/4)
Narrator: *checking “Cliffs Notes: All of Human History”* This checks out… 💯👍
Oh, Graeme Souness is still butthurt that people consider Sir Alex the best Scottish football manager instead of him.
RT So...Elon Musk let Andrew Tate back on Twitter, and Tate promptly used it to reveal his whereabouts to authorities in Roma…
Today's Image of the Day: HIRISE Spots Martian Crater Deposits -
OH: "They bumrushed a salon to get mullets as a baseball team"
¯⁠\⁠(⁠◉⁠‿⁠◉⁠)⁠/⁠¯ would love to hear your thoughts
Uhh... You hang it and pull it down?
👇👇👇👇
RT I'm reading about yet another crypto company declaring bankruptcy after destroying people's money. The ecosystem is in turmoil…
Not nearly as much. Like this is much more blatant.
Not with the new variants over the past year. A lot of people test positive with rapid tests 1-2 days after symptoms but not at the beginning. Only surefire way to know is a PCR test. A lot of shit going around that isn't COVID but has the same symptoms.
Probably a hot take, but I'm not really a fan Avatar 2. Seemed like Cameron was so determined to have a John Wayne wild west movie meets Dances with Wolves meets {insert any cultural appropriation film} that he threw them all on the wall and this is what came out. 3/10 💤's
RT Rob Zuber, CTO at CircleCI, joins Corey on this Holiday Replay edition of Screaming in the Cloud to discuss the challeng…
Today's Image of the Day: Starry Wreath in Pegasus -
I can only imagine that Walter didn't like the way the peacock was looking at him
Yeah, tell me more! 😁
RT The only person who gets to decide if something was traumatic, is the person who experienced the event.
Oh YESSS! #Letterkenny is BACK!
I see that #WitcherBloodOrigin just dropped, so I guess I know what I'm watching tonight.
RT Happy USSR Collapse Day!
RT 34 years ago today, Sgt. Al Powell helped stop a terrorist attack at Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles. May his bravery never be…
Here is what I tried... Didn't work out so well... But then I went with a queso instead and it was amazing
And finally the lamb chops were in and out (425F for 20min) and they are delicious and almost gone!
Catching up... The tri-tip and prime rib out and cut up after testing, and so tender and juicy.
I'll have some leftovers...
The brats sliced up and going great with the queso, and the prime rib roast is off a bit early (4hr-ish smoke), but looking great and letting it rest while the tri-tip is cooking
The brats are off and on the cast iron to finish, &amp; the tri-tip is in. It was brined overnight in a coffee/cocoa/red pepper flake mixture, and then sprinkled with BBQ 3001 for the outside. Smelled amazing before the rub, so can't wait! Target temp is 140F, abt 2hrs
Got the queso ready (first time, so who knows) using the failed smoked cheese experiment from a few days ago and it's in the smoker for about an hour.
Rolled the brats in some Pork Perfect rub and they've joined the roast on the smoker for the next hour and then I'll finish them on a cast iron skillet.
RT Sorry I put a demogorgon mask on the baby Jesus in your nativity scene and called it Manger Things.
It's 730a and the prime rib roast is in the smoker to get to 135F before I take it off, hopefully around 1p. The next to go on will be the brats at around 945a. Now to make some really good Guatemalan coffee from delivered via
One of the advantages of a pellet grill, but will be monitoring
That sounds amazing! Love a beef tenderloin. Happy Holidays to you and yours!
And the tri-tip (2.8lb) is in a unique brine (Indian Monsooned Malabar from Broadway Cafe in Westport, MO, with 2 tbsp cocoa and 1 tbsp roasted red pepper from the garden) that is either gonna be glorious or fail. It's in the fridge for the next 12 hrs or so.
RT Rich white men have been getting away with breaking the law for so long that to them accountability feels like oppressio…
It's gonna be GREAT! Start marinating it soon
I mean, I love a good show
Last night it was -11F... This is an improvement.
It has begun. Started prepping the 8lb prime rib roast with olive oil and rub and into the fridge for 12 hours #ChristmasEveMeatDay
Watched you do that a few times...
Good man. I require notices on how badly they’ll be scarred, and how much you estimate, in 2035 dollars, the therapy bills will be for this episode alone.
RT Before I hand in my key card, I want to thank the people I worked with: Andrew, Tyler and Andrew C. As the remaining members…
RT Hey, gang. First of all, I want to thank you for supporting me during my time as CEO of Twitter. It was an incredible experie…
The way my avatar is displayed, resembles a Brady Bunch look up at you! Appreciate you, and can’t want to hang again this next year - hopefully for a bit longer.
The bot might be onto something here... #devrel
Yeah, my oldest has a dairy allergy which is everything milk, not just lactose. Have seen this a few times where it has some of the proteins still in it but not the lactose part, and they will say "dairy-free". Stupid.
RT Wishing you happy and safe holidays from all of us here at CircleCI ❄️ #HappyHolidays #CICD
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 8 Astronaut Bill Anders Captures Earthrise -
A grill with a smoker tube would be ideal since you can generally go much lower heat
Quick update since I (understandably) forgot... This attempt failed. My smoker spiked (needed cleaning - doing that today) and this was the end result. HOWEVER, I'll be using this (wrapped them up in the freezer) as the base for a smoked queso
You can do it with a grill and then get a smoker tube, but the key is _LOW_ heat. Mine spiked and I got this.. I'll be using this for queso instead lol
My first attempt at smoking cheese is going swimmingly so far. About 30mins gone, with another hour or so to go, at 180F (lowest temp) and max smoke, I'm hoping this extra sharp white and extra sharp "normal" cheddar…
Type your handle in the gif bar and post the first gif you see
RT Legend
RT We turned NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP 🎙 to a CHRISTMAS SONG 🎄 ...so you can secret Rickroll people in your holiday playlists…
Chi-Chi’s was the bomb, and one of the places we went to as our “celebration restaurant”. And Bennigans! I bet I know which one, too!
RT The best part of Elon Musk making view counts public is that we can see how much he was lying when he said "hate content…
Yeah... Not a fan.
-7F (-21.7C) outside and Biscuit isn't a fan
RT The end 😂
RT I am also finally able to disclose, Elon made over $68,000 from his flagship innovation Twitter Blue! We at thank hi…
RT Though he can only conceive children in a laboratory setting no matter how many women he impregnates and his facelifts are me…
RT He is so much more than the apartheid profiteer heir of an emerald mine owner who openly hates him, he is a man whose current…
RT Whether he has failed to rescue people from a cave and then called the actual rescuer a pedophile, sent CPAP machines to hosp…
RT Can finally announce: I am humbled, honored, and frankly still in shock to be the new CEO of Though we haven't alw…
RT I love all your polls man but this is still my favorite one
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Snaps Hawaii’s Volcanoes -
Action photography at its finest. Thank you for catching the perfect moment.
The action shot I never knew I needed
Yep, and every time I hear it my brain goes to The Wedding Singer
Oh yes, her Photoshop skills are legit.
Wow! Gonna be using this addition to my in this new year!
Then it'll become the neighbor's problem
They definitely aren't making it into Average Joes
Well how else are they gonna get a puck to the face?
RT "Never before in American history has Congress referred a former president for prosecution—because, as the Committee rem…
RT Zelenskyy's team is giving the world a master class in crisis comms and optics. The choice to forgo an interpreter, commitment…
Mmmm now that's a party all by itself!
Yeah, queso was a thought but decided to just smoke blocks of cheese instead. I'm gonna do the queso some time soon
First attempt at smoking cheese is going swimmingly so far. About 30mins gone, w/ another hour or so to go, at max 180F &amp; max smoke, I'm hoping this extra sharp white, extra sharp "normal" cheddar turn out well. They were cheap, off brand cheese, so no big loss if not.
First attempt at smoking cheese is going swimmingly so far. About 30mins gone, w/ another hour or so to go, at 180F (lowest temp) &amp; max smoke, I'm hoping this extra sharp white, extra sharp "normal" cheddar turn out well. They were cheap, off brand cheese, so no big loss if not.
My first attempt at smoking cheese is going swimmingly so far. About 30mins gone, with another hour or so to go, at 180F (lowest temp) and max smoke.
Oh you know it. I'll keep them out of the smoker though.
Thank you for your service.
Don't forget uphill
Yeah, my thinking now is smoking some extra sharp cheddar and extra sharp white cheddar and then cutting that up instead of a dip
Well that's an interesting idea. Might be able to pull that off.
Cooking for about 16 people on Christmas Eve, and have the following that I will be smoking: - sausages (for snacking) - 2.5lb tri-tip - 3lb lamb chops - 8lb boneless rib roast I'm thinking I have enough options? Am I missing something?
RT The next evolution of our #CICD platform will give #DevOps teams the ability to see everything that impacts their deployments…
RT After more than four years, 1,300 marsquakes, and countless scientific discoveries, our lander has reached the end o…
There's a roger joke in there somewhere...
No, you are!
Same same. Thank you Chris.
RT Since you mentioned us, a "Quick" (see what we did there?) reminder to everyone that our CFP is open RIGHT NOW and will be until…
Today's Image of the Day: Saying 'Farewell' to InSight Mars Lander -
Sessionize and Papercall are both free for free community conferences, with the same price ($500/event) for paid events, though Sessionize is by FAR better. I agree that there are definitely reasons to use Google Forms, etc.
Sessionize is great, Papercall is ok (all spammy now)... They make it easier for submitters and organizers alike to handle the pain of CFP submission/reviews
Yeah, and I can't imagine how painful that ends up being. Props to you for doing this manually for so long.
Here we are, about to enter 2023, and conferences are still using online form entry systems like Airtable / Google Forms / Typeform as their CFP submission platform. &lt;edited for clarity on what I meant by an online form&gt;
Now you're talking! Blockchain your CFP!
Here we are, about to enter 2023, and conferences are still using online form entry as their CFP submission platform.
soft, plush blankets that have been washed too many times to count (because my dogs keep claiming them as their own) and still retain their warmth and softness
Uh, yes. Yes it is. If you take, and act on, bad advice from your lawyer, you are the one who's accountable.
I kept waiting for the ending, and even when it happened I was still shocked
Today's Image of the Day: NASA, Moog SureFly Test Aircraft Noise -
RT All I'm saying is you don't hear Jews complaining about "the war on Hanukkah" and there actually was one.
RT Imagine your social media business decisions are so bad that you're worried about _Mastodon_ as a "competitor"
I'm speaking at in April: "High-performing engineering teams and the Holy Grail"! Come hang at a great community Java &amp; Cloud conf &amp; see me &amp;, more importantly, other great speakers present. Use this code for an extra $100 off reg: SEEMESPEAK DevN…
Great explanation of our 2 party system from Hard to find the lie here...
I'm confused... Who is sucking who's dick, or
RT Soccer God.
The 🐐, #Messi𓃵
RT Scenes directly after Montiel's shot hit the back of the net 🇦🇷💙💙💙
RT A look at Andres Cantor as he makes the call that crowns 🇦🇷 World Cup champions. Such an emotional and moving moment for…
Who would have thought that my notifications for tweets from Coach would have spoiled the match for me (I was watching it a bit late), but CONGRATS 🎉 to #Messi𓃵 and #Argentina!!!
Gotta love the complete joy of someone expressing, "YES!" when they pickup their Chipotle order
RT You know what his name means. It means Barcelona, it means Argentina, it means the World Cup, Because to witness Messi…
I feel like a party at your place would be just sitting outside, sipping warm alcoholic beverages, and competing to see who gets the best picture
Oh I'll be there.
"Let's make that movie!"
Regardless what the call on the field was (either incomplete or complete) there wasn't enough to overturn it.
Saw this, and was immediately jealous and in awe. At the same time.
Ship. Ship JJ.
RT
OH: I'm a nurse, I know what to do with bodies. That's Bodies 101.
#ITCrowd is a massively underrated show that I've literally seen the whole thing through 6 times, and it never gets old
Those #GenXASMR TikTok videos are great. Until you realize it's AARP doing them.
"5 Reasons Using Internal Talent is Good for #Community" via
Gawd... Exactly what we needed
What in the fresh hell is that shit?
Is Clyde a Borgi (beagle-corgi)? So cute!
One of my favourite players at #ManUtd, gave everything he had every match and left it all on the pitch. Always felt he was wrongly discarded by the dysfunctional hierarchy, but it's great to see how much he is still a Red. Thank you Ander! ❤️
RT i hope grimes gets twitter in the divorce
RT Imagine being stuck on mars with this dude.
Crap! I just bought from the other scavenger! Did I make a bad decision? Crap!
So I've been doing it backwards?
RT They posted our exact real-time location, basically assassination coordinates, in (obvious) direct violation of Imperial t…
Ahh there's where it gets unreasonable 🤣🤡
You mean, all it takes is kindness? 🤩
Disappointed I'm gonna miss it this year
Maybe.... PFFDDTTTTT
Yay for BOTH of you! 🎉
Damn it... I think I forgot to submit. I'm so sorry
Alright Jennifer... You can come too
One of the sleeper shoes to come out over the last few years, glad to see there will be a Season 2 of #Invincible
/me checks to see if my reflection is in there... Ahh, JD. Yes, he is.
Slightly confused... Are they saying the Republican member of the GA House _works_ at a retirement complex, or that the GA House IS the retirement complex?
RT DO YOU PEOPLE HAVE ANY IDEA HOW HARD IT IS TO BE A PROFESSIONAL SKIER WHEN YOU AREN’T ANY GOOD AT SKIING
Way to stick with something for 2 months!!!! 😂😭
Therapist today helped me understand that this past year of job loss (&gt;1yr ago 😲) and rejection (interviews, friends, etc) eroded my security, and emphasized my lifelong feelings of not being enough. And while it's a journey to come back from, I can do it. I will do it. 💪
And to follow that up real quick... IYKYK
I hope my close friends (I really hope you know who you are) see this and understand how spot on this is
Also, I KNOW I should have put *cues".... I was impulsive and posted before reading it over. Remember... ADHD
Also, I KNOW I should have put *cues".... I was impulsive and posted before reading it over
While my ADHD causes me to miss some queues, I eventually do take the hint.
Oh! 😯 That's even more awesome
This is a long thread, but an important one about Arlington National Cemetery
Posted with no context
Haven't used Guru in years, will have to look at them both
Some DevRel teams have a Dev Education element to their charter, and I've seen LMSs implemented as part of their educational activities
Question for #DevRel twitter: What Learning Management Systems (LMS) are you using, or have you used, that you really liked or found was very well-received by the #devcommunity? Would appreciate a RT for reach as well
An incredible lineup for #ReactBrussels! Gutted I won't be in attendance!! Make sure to grab your ticket at
ZERO POINTS FTW!!!
And now they've included Blink-182... I'll just be over here educating them on Morrissey, The Smiths, The Cure, and Sunny Day Real Estate
RT OMFG no one wants to hear both sides of your conversation please use headphones.
They send more supplies up, and did so recently
Damn it. We've got to get together. Fancy finding a meadery with JD and I in-between XMas and New Years?
RT Someone paid him for something and it isn’t these dumb cards.
Birthday lunch with the legend
I didn't realize it was a cold day in hell, only thought it was cold... But who knew the Republicans in the #ksleg House could be so "progressive"? Still holding my breath, but daaaamn!
RT 1/3 Here’s a plea to all of Twitter. If you agree, please retweet, because I think it’s important. If you’re going to leave:…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Star-Studded Cosmic Cloud -
RT Any politician of any party who rages about "Illegals" - but doesn't want to do anything about the Americans dangling al…
RT Twitter is 🔥🔥🔥
RT We have a MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT. We are proud to announce our new collection of NFTs - Honest Trump Cards!
In my defense, y'all left me unsupervised
Lol well this free app helps me even do that
OMG.. You know what, it really could be!
NFTs were already a grift and scam, so it makes _complete_ sense that the biggest grifter would try to extend the grift to cover his legal fees for, ＊checks notes＊, all his previous grifts. What a ridiculous, but highly predictable, Major Announcement. What a loser.
I even got a contact burn
And geeeeezzzz... they're so stupid and NOT AT ALL representative of _anything_ he's actually done or been successful at
And all the knobgobblers will eat it up
Hope things get resolved soon!
NFTs were already a grift and scam, so it makes _complete_ sense that the biggest grifter would try to extend the grift to cover his legal fees for, *checks notes*, all his previous grifts. What a ridiculous, but highly predictable, Major Announcement. #TrumpIsTheBiggestLoser
In fact - might get shittier
This will be a really good end of year #DevOps review with some awesome people!
RT Another monument to white supremacy that should come down? The Electoral College
hint: it's always been that way 😆
I use this free app constantly throughout the day to not only make sure my camera is working (thank you Apple for shitty USB-C video in performance), but also to make sure I look "ok-ish" for that next meeting. Well worth paying $11 as well for new kickass features.
White people, amirite?
Ahh, the most peaceful of places. Just like home.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Majestic Barred Spiral -
RT If it’s “single sign on” then why do I have to do it twenty fucking times a day?
And then hopefully gets stuck in it
It's like they just boiled it
I present to you.... #That90sShow
Title of your memoir?
Fair point... So a few weeks to go at least.
I mean you still have a lot of time until the plane ride to these events.
Damn rusty locks
to name a few not already mentioned
👇 👇 👇 👇
does that mean I have to go back and catalog all of them?
RT The CircleCI Config SDK is a #JavaScript package library for generating a CircleCI YAML configuration file. Use it to: ➡️ R…
Yes, yes I did just register said domain. Because I didn't already have too many (31 and counting. Hi, my name is Jeremy, and I have a problem)
We're all elated that this can finally be done.
The livestream broke just before the pivotal moment, so we all lost out Gareth
So wish I could have seen your chest hair waxing
I donated the final $5 to get you over the line Tim. You're good to go now!
RT You can now head over to our and check out the latest episode with on running #DevOps, and promot…
This is why I don't calculate these things.
"This is gonna be a whirlwind..." 😂🤣😆
Today's Image of the Day: SWOT Satellite, Falcon 9 Rocket Approach Pad -
Wow! That's a lot! How are you holding up?
There's no judgmnt here
RT "what's the number one impediment to improved developer experiences, in your opinion?" "org structures."
See, you get it.
Yeah, and it wasn't _just_ the drugs 😂🤣
Isn't it? It's also soooo easy with Tim. It's _almost_ my favourite past time.
This is a great thread on American and British spellings. I use the British spelling for a lot of things (usually those with the "s" instead of "z" and adding in the "o" where it's supposed to be), but not for everything (it's an "airplane", not "aerooooplane" 😆)
RT I've heard enough debate over the 'value' of Britney Griner as an asset to be traded. I don't care what her profession is or…
Wish I was there to heckle, err, cheer you on! Good luck!!!
Like for real! Only 2 windows?
My wife does it so well. I supply the ornaments from all my travels and she puts them on the tree.
They're always there. I love 'em too. =)
Fuck - is one of the greatest to play the GAME, much less the TE position.
Ahh yes... Skip is a primo knobgobbler for Brady
It was such a good movie - and had Liev Schreiber and Sharon Stone as well. The book though... Sooo much better. It and Andromeda Strain are 2 of my favourite sci-fi books of all time.
Was a great time chatting with them at #ConnectTech2022!
Today's Image of the Day: Gemini-VII and Gemini-VI-A Meet at Last -
Ahh.. noob mistake.
But, who could have known? 😆🤷‍♂️
This isn't Tailwind
Well then it's usually... Fuck YAML
Wife captured me struggling with a missing } and a , Fuck JavaScript
It's so good. Can't wait for the next series.
Sometimes I _love_ being part of Birdwatch (now Community Notes), and being asked by the official account to rate a note on Muskshit's tweet 🤣😂
No regrets Matt.
And yet, I still like you Kim. I'm as shocked as anyone. =)
This could be used for every one of the Muskrat's fucking tweets
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Comes Home to Earth -
Check out this book by my friend "Learning TensorFlow.js: Powerful Machine Learning in JavaScript"
Dude! Happy Birthday JD! Wow, 40!
YAY! Congrats you two!
Here's the video
The video from the account "Cleopat48937885" was taken down and the account deleted by "someone", but here's the video Elon Musk being booed on stage with Chappelle
RT “Forcing your pronouns upon others” - what the frack does this even mean? Nobody is forcing an…
RT A young man confronted Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis about the number of people dying from gun violence and was told, "Nobody wants t…
RT So funny how while the billionaire relentlessly criticizes America &amp; his perceived injustices in America—no one tells him…
But meanwhile, bots and spam emails are out of control for everyone else.
Same. I had a few alive when I was born, but all but one died before I was 5, with the last one living until I was 22. My kids have known 5 of theirs, but only one is left now.
B&amp;H, MPB, and Adorama are good places. Probably find a6100 as well.
HP sauce (aka brown sauce) is better than ketchup
I haven't seen anything on the older a5100 in awhile. You can find a6000 used for sub-$500
Meh... ¯⁠\⁠(⁠°⁠_⁠o⁠)⁠/⁠¯
You're fucking delusional man
Wow! Assuming you're taking the rest of the year off, can't wait for next year's announcement!
Did they take your prescription pads away from you?
RT Ladies and Gentlemen !!! May I just say Mr. Mahomes !
RT Mahomes is once again doing Mahomes things 😎 📺: #KCvsDEN on CBS 📱: Stream on NFL+
"Here we see Denver Broncos fans in their natural, anonymous habitat." #KCvsDEN #ChiefsKingdom
Spags defenses...
Hey did you know that is only one more calorie than ? #friendship #noxp
Leave it to the Chiefs defense to make the Denver offense look good
We wish
Leave it to you to notice the creamy
I'm sorry - have I failed you?
Nice you could visit Jay in his natural habitat
Was a great game!!!
RT
"The Rhode Island part"
He was so close to finishing the landing
RT ChatGPT has been out less than two weeks and it has more apparent use cases than the entirety of blockchain.
RT In 2021, Twitter data showed that the site favored conservatives, so if the Twitter Files™ crew would like to argue that T…
Brilliant. #WarOnChristmas
RT That Brittney Griner is continuously referred to solely as a ‘WNBA’ player, and not the two-time gold medal winning Olympi…
For me it was "What Dreams May Come" with Robin Williams.
RT Two Hundred years ago, the United States signed The Treaty of New Echota with Cherokee Nation, guaranteeing the tribe a non-v…
Yay! That's awesome!
RT show me a single person in the world who cares about these Twitter document dumps who wasn't already doing keg stands of MAGA…
RT breaking: twitter had secret cabal of 'managers' who would gather in 'meetings' to discuss company policy. let that sink in
If you don't know one, you are the one
Consider me signed up. I'll drag around too.
(ref:
So you're in?
Yesss!
Do I smell an outing?
Sorry to hear about all that Todd! I'm having surgery on my deviated septum in late February. Us Meiss's evidently have crooked, internal nose parts.
Congrats on moving on to the next thing Laura! You've done some amazing stuff, and put so much in place, you've earned a good respite before kicking off your next, amazing gig!
I mean React is just opinionated HTML tables
Well there goes the team outing at #SCaLE20x
WOW! End of an era! You've accomplished so much my friend, can't wait for what's next!
Right?
RT This is not just about Donald Trump. If they could do it to Trump, they could do it to any future president who plotted the…
RT I had the pleasure of working with Natalie in the past, and I highly recommend hiring her if you're looking for a thoughtful,…
Flathead screws are the devil's handiwork. I will not be taking questions at this time.
This about sums it up!
Absolutely. Same at the other FAAAANNNNGGSS out there (losing track of who's what these days).
Yeah and the data from that report came from people actually actively doing the role as a practitioner and not in some "devrel-adjacent" role or deciding to answer the report becuase they wanted to or considered themselves "DevRel" (look at page 11 of the State of DevRel Report)
Here in the Midwest and also in the South, it's been my experience that the little sausages are rolled inside of croissant dough and then baked together. Guilty pleasure.
Yeah I have some early thoughts around it, but I need to get through it in one sitting &amp; then start formulating exactly what I am feeling. To start with though, there are a lot of job titles they included as “DevRel” (pg 11) and that data is in the report, influencing results.
RT Okay, #DeveloperCommunity friends, the time has arrived! The CFP for #kcdc2023 is NOW OPEN! Come one, come all. You ha…
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Gazes at Moon Before Return to Earth -
RT 📖So you’re starting a new DevRel Job… - shared a list of questions and steps he's learned to apply when aske…
Yeah I'm not seeing anything about where they got comparable software engineer salaries and if that report had the same analysis or desired outcome as this report.
Seems like the mythical "War on Christmas" really came home to roost
Sorry I deleted as I was going to rephrase... I am assuming the comparison data on l Engineers comes from a reputable source, which still is a bit surprising. Last year we did a salary survey in the DevRel Collective, and had some different results.
Would love to get some more detail here around the “cannot manage the stack size my app needs”. Feel free to DM me with more information, or start a thread on Discuss and DM me the link and we’ll review with you. Thanks again for reaching out!
Anti-weed has always been a cover for anti-minority. Always. If it was a white political prisoner that played sports and had weed on them they wouldn't have cared. But they can label her as Anti-American due to her staying in the locker room for the Anthem. But it's about race.
It has nothing to do with cannabis Chris. They say it, but it's not about the weed
Hint: Has nothing to do with cannabis
RT So it's *bad* that the *old* Twitter management limited the reach of some tweets, but it's *good* that the *new* Twitter m…
Yeah, but it's devolved into chaos. I've reported a lot of spam and no one seems to care.
Jeez is overrun with spam... Impossible to really look at open CFPs when you have to page through fake events
Today's Image of the Day: Pioneer 10 Flies by Jupiter -
Oh I'm so here for this...
RT Coming soon... Tech Talk for Non Technical Professionals
Karin is awesome! Glad you two met!
RT If you missed the #AllThingsOpen Inclusion and Diversity event, check out Cecelia Martinez's ( talk "No-…
No, it sounds misogynistic because it fucking is misogynistic and
That's how I get cardio for the month Glad you made it.
So if it's the entire team, how's that shake out?
RT This fashion makes a statement. Help us help 💙
RT Parents — the holidays are almost upon us, and kids will soon have more free time on their hands than usual. Here’s how to…
RT This is the most beautiful and powerful speech I’ve ever seen. I love Lizzo so much
He doesn't need software. These are all him.
RT Poor Mike shouldn’t have to do this🐮♥️
I was not affected, but I’m sure those that were would welcome opportunities at JFrog! Thanks Lori for sharing!
Today at CircleCI we had to let go of some awesome, gifted people w/ amazing skillsets that I’ve worked with over the last 3 years, and that any org should snatch up before someone else does. Feel free to reply with any jobs you have that my former coworkers can see.
While sipping mimosas of course
RT Slides from my #DevRelCon talk today are online here -
AMAZING!!!
RT A few people have asked for a link to the article about NPS I mentioned in my #devrelcon talk. Here is excellent anal…
Sorry to hear the experience you've had using Selenium. Would be great to get some examples of what you're seeing in a new thread on and I can get some eyes on it
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 17 Astronauts Capture Iconic Blue Marble 50 Years Ago -
Yep - so when you need to make that step to get approval, where does that generally lie?
Dev Mastodon Poll: As a developer, when you want to use a tool or service as part of your workflow, are you free to start using it or do you have to get approval (and from whom)? Please RT for reach
Love it. 😂🤣
But why? Some amazing context lol
Is the Security team part of the Procurement process? Or are they that process? I've seen this both ways, with them getting the final say or being a checkbox in the process.
Perfect example of helping someone else who is new in your chosen field, and lifting them up. Be these people.
Dev Twitterverse Poll: As a developer, when you want to use a tool or service as part of your workflow, are you free to start using it or do you have to get approval (and from whom)? Please RT for reach
Happy Birthday to a dear, great friend . Let's all do the dance!
Thank you for voting Cecilia! Rock on Georgia!
RT . victory in South will make it possible for Biden to reshape federal bench in South. Looking forward to…
This. Use it for yourself, some self-care, or doing something with your family. But don’t you _dare_ send anything back to me. Unless it’s a hug. I’ll take and give those anytime, anywhere.
Yeah, kids these days
A great group of people!!
It's a small world! And a great shirt!
A great opportunity to make an impact on the next release of #PostgreSQL _and_ potentially win something cool! P.S. - the 🐘 is mine! 😅
Probably 7 or 8 yrs ago I was on a video chat with a number of #DevRel just shooting the shit, and (I think it was) had her old laptop cases mounted on the wall. Loved the idea, and finally did it today. Sandwiched between them is a gift from 2022.
Was cleaning out my office and came across these awesome personalized stickers that gave to speakers for the virtual event in 2020... Pre-coloured hair, and less of a beard than now, but the resemblance is striking.
There are probably 15 sunflower 🌻 "trees" just off my deck, and the biggest ones finally started blooming and they're exploding with colour, with the bees have been going wild! With sunflowers being my favourite flower, it's no surprise I take so many photos of them.
Biscuit is well on his way to taking the advice. What about you?
I want num nums. I wish I had pizza rolls right now. 👇👇
And then they said, "and Blink-182 also" and I about lost it.
"You know what they call a superhero who works alone, and doesn't listen to anybody? A villain." - Five, "The Umbrella Academy", Season 3, E7
And you'd learn to be flexible to bend around and under the cord while walking down the hall
If you've had one of _those_ weeks, evidently like Biscuit here, take care of yourself this weekend.
Good to know. I'll give it a try.
RT If steps aren’t taken to address the mental health of developers at work, burnout will become more common, take effect mo…
Yeah I definitely am familiar with this and plan on installing it posthaste
Oh I know. Believe me. It's bizarre.
I'm starting something new soon, and will be returning to using a Windows laptop for the first time in over 10 years. I've used Linux &amp; Mac exclusively since 2014 &amp; a lot has changed in that time. I need some recommended dev environments and tools, setups, tips and tricks, etc.
Evidently the last year or two... And I had such high hopes for these kids
So sorry for your loss Tim. I’m here if you need to chat or shoot the shit about nothing and everything all at once.
RT Picture it: make a change anywhere in your #DevOps workflow triggering a pipeline to run. It’s a reality with our new
RT congrats to Herschel Walker for taking his campaign to term
RT Scott Adams sucks and you shouldn't use Dilbert cartoons in presentations unless you want people to be reminded of things that s…
13yrs ago Garfunkel &amp; Oates did a bit, "Who said it: Kanye or Hitler"... Seems comedians saw this coming first 🤔🤷‍♂️
This. 100% this.
Oh yessss! The best! Love it.
RT Well, I guess my son is officially at “that age” lol.
Add whip cream to anything and it's fancier!
What is something you thought was fancy as a kid, but in reality it was not? Zubaz pants
What is something you thought was fancy as a kid, but in reality it was not? Bonanza Steakhouses
RT 🥑The new issue of Developer Avocados 🥑 Weekly is out - 📝Content from
Such a good one! I'm adding your tweet!
RT If you're wondering how Justice Alito hasn't broken the Supreme Court code of ethics, it's because there isn't one
RT This is standard Alito, which is why he is so unfit to serve on SCOTUS. Both on the high court and when he was on a low…
Find someone who "assists" you like does 🤣
Thank you to everyone who replied to my thread to provide some more ideas than what I already had.
I’ve been thinking about writing this post for a long time, and with my recent 2 weeks of PTO along with a lot of people starting new jobs in #devrel, I decided to _finally_ get it out! This is by no means a comprehensive list, and is primarily my process.
Love that city! At night it's glorious!
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Approaches Moon Before Return Flyby -
RT I am never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever,…
Just watched Trevor Noah's new Netflix special, "I Wish You Would". 13/10 would recommend. Highly.
RT And here's the most beautiful thing you're going to read today.
Internet: Me: Internet: ? Me: What about fan fic of Gollum and Harry Potter? Internet: Uh... #ChatGPT: Cool
The whole "can't land on the QB" call is fucking ridiculous. How are you supposed to tackle a QB without falling on them? And if you're tackling as they're about to throw, how are you supposed to know that? #NFLRefsAreAJoke Are MLS referees moonlighting in the NFL?
I can send you a few photos of myself to hang over the holes until you're able to get matching paint.
Sounds delightful! I'm a bit partial to espresso martinis, but will have to try that! What was it called?
Just watched 's new Netflix special, "I Wish You Would". 13/10 would recommend. Highly.
I see you all have given up on the "thoughts"
RT Ppl using Lensa to make profile images:
Seems like a perfect time to learn this valuable info? Which martini provided this valuable insight?
Hey are your referees moonlighting in the ?
The whole "can't land on the QB" call is fucking ridiculous . How are you supposed to tackle a QB without falling on them? And if you're tackling as they're about to throw, how are you supposed to know that? #NFLRefsAreAJoke Are MLS referees moonlighting in the NFL?
RT one of my favorite new searches is tesla investors replying to elon's tweets and begging him to shut up
It’s such a glorious thing! I also love pulling out “Tequila” if I’ve never done karaoke with that group of friends/people. It’s so fun to see everyone’s reaction, like “Doesn’t he know it’s just one word in the entire song?” and them getting all uncomfortable.
After a nice cool down, it's cut up &amp; sandwiches made, with the rest into the fridge &amp; freezer for future eats. It's not as juicy as I was hoping for, but likely due to 1) me forgetting to add a water container, and 2) accidentally cutting power to it when I replaced my doorbell.
It didn't add too much, but a subtle "herbal fruit" flavour is there
I'll let you know 😜
And it's out and ready to rest. Will cut it and taste it in a few hours!
Would love to have you!
The legs have reached temp, so they're removed, while I flip the turkey (currently at 140F) to finish to 165F.
RT It took humanity 80 years but we have finally invented computer security that can be bypassed with polite but firm insiste…
Doing the Lord's work, I am
Sad news for one of the greatest of all time, #Pele
Nope. Thick, melted plant butter (oldest has a dairy allergy), and it adhered to the dry turkey skin, and the rub stayed nicely. It'll be glorious.
Speaking on the lapses in defense that led to 2 of the 3 goals by the Netherlands: "Tracking back is not an evolved soccer concept, we've been able to track back for decades." -
Way to fight to the end #usmnt. You've made us proud &amp; restored some hope for us. Let it hurt, feel the pain, and bring that back to the next few years as we prepare for #WorldCup2026. Hopefully we learn from this (from the coach on down) &amp; continue to grow &amp; come back stronger.
Turkey breast is done brining, washed, covered in melted butter, sprinkled with rub, and in the smoker (breast down) with the legs on max smoke for 30 mins before I'll adjust to 325F for ~2hrs until internal is 170F.
You're so inept. The info that's been released literally doesn't say any of what you said. You're a fucking 🤡 along with rat bastard 🤡 Musk
Would love to see the distance traveled by each #USMNT player this first half, as Musah has seemingly stood around more and been slow to respond on everything, and liable for that second goal before the half
RT I would like to see how you handle conversations about antisemitism in your household.
And after searing at 500F, they're out, cut, and delicious!
Dude, I just love to do it.
They're out at 125F internal while the smoker heats up to 500F+ and then I'll sear them to ~135F
The breast (~15lb) has been cut from the dead beast &amp; has entered a brine of: *Swedish mulled juice (Ikea) *Cranberry juice *Coarse kosher salt *Bay leaves *Garlic cloves *Rosemary It'll go into the fridge for the next 12-14hrs while the rest of the beast is cooked separately
After marinating in the rub the last 24hrs, the t-bones are in the #recteq smoker at 225F. Target temp is 120F internal, and then I will take them off, heat the grill to 500F, and then put them back on and sear them to 135F internal temp.
It's been a long year, and I needed some time.
RT What version of .NET are you actively using at your job? I have a theory about how far back we need to support compatibilit…
When I scheduled the last 2 weeks as PTO, I didn't realize that it coincided with the group stage of the #WorldCup and that I would be able to watch soccer each day... What an amazing 2 weeks it has been so far!
This take of Bill Burr's on Kanye sure aged well....
RT DevRel = Developer Relations There is no way around it - you need to build relations in DevRel. Don't ever forget it.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spies Emission Nebula-Star Cluster Duo -
I was truly honoured to be able to speak at this year. Thank you to the team for having me!
Don't play with my heart strings man... #GlazersOut #GlazersOutNOW
RT The CFP for #SCALE20X is closes TOMORROW. Submit your talk and join your fellow lovers of #OpenSource #DevOps and #Kube…
This. Is. Epic. Suck it Elon, you rat bastard
Yup, it "incorporated"
Thank you to 🐘nova and the rest of the #hachyderm team for all they are doing by donating of their own “free” time to provide a great place for conversation and community. Join me in donating via
I'll make sure to have my thermite grenade ready
In all fairness they _said_ it was a wild turkey, so anything is possible
It wasn't implied? Hmmmmm
Beagles eagerly awaiting their fat portion
Smoking these 2 t-bone steaks {total 4.1 lbs) tomorrow.... Gonna be some good eating at the Meiss home this weekend.
Smoking these 2 t-bone steaks tomorrow.... Gonna be some good eating at the Meiss home this weekend.
Smoking these 2 t-bone steaks tonight.... Gonna be some good eating at the Meiss home this weekend.
For Thanksgiving at my MILs we had a leg of lamb, so we bought a freshly butchered, 23lb wild turkey from friends and I'm gonna smoke the breast. 🍽️ This is still warm 🤩🤤
Damn it Will! Do we need to find some scalped, er resale, tickets?
Hmm.. 🤩
Today's Image of the Day: Orion’s Moon Crater Close-up -
RT I've most leveraged Twitter to do any DevRel work, but what do I do if it doesn't exist anymore or if developers aren't…
Brilliant. Simply brilliant.
RT Being a lifelong learner goes both ways - for the mentor and the mentee. From Mentorship, and Restarting…
That. Is. Excellent.
Yep, that’s a valuable one I use to make sure I’m not missing someone. Does it mean you have more meetings? Yes. But it also means you’re covering all of your bases and hopefully reducing blind spots.
Yes! Those are great tips, and I will definitely direct people to your series. My focus is going to be around the Clarify Expectations and Build Relationships parts of your series.
Yeah, very similar to my steps, though I've never employed the Likert scale (first time I've heard the rating scale survey questions referred as that!) but that's some great stuff there!
Oh for sure! I’ll add a section for that as well.
I’ve started writing a new blog post for the first time in a _long_ time, and I’ve decided to write about the things I’ve learned when starting a new #devrel job. To round it out, I’d love to hear some of the “first things” you do when you have started at a new company.
It's so good
Today's Image of the Day: Kamala Harris and French President Macron Meet at NASA Headquarters -
Interesting premise of the new Post News social media app. Seems like a Substack meets Twitter meets newsletter?
Let the games begin...
Thanks Rich. Been waiting for this for so long.
I'm so excited. Could never get lasik because of my cataracts forming over the last 6+ years, so have been anxiously awaiting this moment!
I am not at ReInvent this year, so you should go in my place!
"Ya motha" is 🥇
Countdown to cataract surgery on January 11th (right eye) and the 25th (left eye). After wearing corrective lens for 41 years (20 with glasses only, 21 with contacts), I'll never have to wear either again (slight possibility of reading glasses at some point, maybe). Cannot wait!
Gonna watch this over, and over, and over 😂🤣😂🤣
RT Here is with Mentorship, and Restarting Civilization from Scratch If you had to star…
Proof that KFC is intent on killing us all. Also, which KFC did they mention had these?
Love the joy and excitement, especially from Pulisic who doubles over to protect his, er, "lower abdominal strain" 😜😂🤣😭
Damn... I love all this upcoming coffee and chats!
Gotta make them in-person!! Need some coffee time in KC!
RT When people say you can’t get as much done WFH as you do in an office. “In person collaboration is just better” and on and…
Are you killing that many people with your farts? Are they that wet that you need thick granny panties? You really should see a doctor about that.
LET'S GO #USMNT
You do realize that Dec 25 isn't HIS day? You do realize that Dec 25 is a pagan day that the Catholic Church chose to celebrate Christmas on? You do realize Jesus wasn't born on Dec 25, right? You do realize you can worship Jesus on _ANY_ day?
Today's Image of the Day: Orion, Earth, and the Moon -
I know... I'm as troubled about it as you are.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICH!!!
Yeah... This WC is pretty damn competitive and the parity is good to see so far.
I root for the USMNT first and England second.
Yep. Needs match time to get match fit, and only playing ~10min over 2 matches is inexcusable for our most creative player. Could have won against England if Berhalter manages the match (and players) effectively.
I don't think we repeat the performance against Iran in 1998 WC. But... we should have beaten England, and waiting until the 80th+ minute to make a switch after England had in the 60th is mind boggling. Reyna is our most creative and he's not been given match time.
I hope I'm wrong, but the decision by Berhalter to not play his best players in the previous 2 games, and instead go with "we knew that we only needed 5 points" and play for the draw in the last match against England put them in this position to NEED a win to advance. #USMNT
This is great and all, but only making two changes (Carter-Vickers and Sargent) and still no Reyna, presumably because GREGG DECIDED TO LITERALLY NOT GIVE HIM ENOUGH MATCH TIME THE PREVIOUS 2 MATCHES IN ORDER TO BE MATCH FIT. FFS. LET'S GO #USMNT !!
This is great and all, but only making two changes (Carter-Vickers and Sargent) and still no Reyna, presumably because GREGG DECIDED TO LITERALLY NOT GIVE HIM ENOUGH MATCH TIME THE PREVIOUS 2 MATCHES. FFS. LET'S GO #USMNT !!
This is great and all, but only making one change (Carter-Vickers) and still no Reyna, presumably because GREGG DECIDED TO LITERALLY NOT GIVE HIM ENOUGH MATCH TIME THE PREVIOUS 2 MATCHES. FFS. LET'S GO #USMNT !!
Wow! That's an amazing group of people! Congrats Sasha!
Pay heed, all who enter.... BEWARE OF THE PHOG! #RCJHKU
Soon... #KUvsTXSO #RCJH #KUJayhawks
RT Only 8% of CFP’s have been submitted by women. Dear ladies of the global React developer community, #MiamiTech is wo…
RT President Trump hosting racist antisemites for dinner encourages other racist antisemites. These attitudes are immoral…
We're spinning up our CircleCI Champions program (
RT 🚀 The official CircleCI #VSCode extension is now generally available to all users in the Marketplace. Learn how you ca…
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Approaches Moon for Outbound Powered Flyby -
Replacing a broken crown was exactly what I wanted to be doing the Monday after Thanksgiving
RT Free opportunity for Ron DeSantis or any other would-be presidential candidate to try to draw a line against explicit, virul…
Damn that spread! Hope you all have a good evening!
RT Attention NFL defenses: Swallow your pride, your defensive back cannot cover Travis Kelce 1 on 1 regardless of who your d…
Oh that's sounds amazing! / / / I think we found a challenge
You're the real hero Heidi
Biscuit is glad we're home
Right? I enjoy them so much
Good man. Also drink some water.
Damn it, I shared the wrong tweet. Didn't you do a thread on survival at reinvent?
This is an interesting project to take a look at
Good shoes or inserts (backups recommended), plan your meals, drink lots of water (take 2 weeks worth of Liquid IV drink mix - you’ll use it), and other tips in this thread and its replies
To all my friends that are headed to Re:Invent, I bowed out this year and will miss seeing you. I hope you have a good, safe week, and remember to hydrate and eat.
Pratik, why did you have to go and bring them into this?
There's nothing like the camaraderie that develops when the automatic light in the bathroom goes off while you and your fellow humans are shitting
Last year's was a full zip
I mean, you've been the primary case study for sure
What if escape rooms are a mass psychological experiment and the peer-reviewed results will be released in 20 years?
RT One thing I've consistently had to relearn in developer marketing: "Talk benefits, not features" doesn't work! Developers are s…
Maybe check your history
RT Forget being a senator, Herschel Walker's true calling is film critic
RT Prompt: "A portrait of a girl reading a book. The portrait is in the style of Rembrandt. The girl has blonde hair and…
RT Baby boomers did a pretty good job teaching their millennial daughters that they could be anything they wanted to be and…
Dr. Ruth would approve #ThanksgivingJackboxGames #familyfun
#ButtMarketing is not DevRel #ThanksgivingJackboxGames #familyfun
OH: She sucks the sweet and spits the protein #FamilyJackboxNoFilter
Which to choose.... 🤔 #ThanksgivingJackboxGames #familyfun
RT The face of "What do you mean I ate all my food already?"
Solid 🧵on the fuckwit and "the woke mind virus" bullshit
"I could have beaten you but 0-0 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?" #USAvENG
And Berhalter decided to play for the tie... Waiting to make a switch until the 77th minute and waiting to bring on the 2nd most creative player on the team (Reyna) was inexcusable
Last 30min sees Berhalter blink &amp; get outcoached by Southgate w/ no subs until late &amp; switching to playing for a tie. What a disgrace, given our control of the match, he moves to GreggBall, waits to make the first move at 77th min, &amp; leaves a potential win on the pitch. #USAvENG
Yeah, it's a tad bit tone deaf given Qatar _literally_ is against everything Microsoft says they are
FWIW I won the round and the game from my answer here #FamilyJackboxGames
Yesss. Can't wait for the next time.
This is exactly what Elon wants though
RT
Yep. I was there. Sadly, it's accurate as to what happened.
FFS Berhalter... One lineup change (Wright for Sargent?) that drew against Wales, and still keeping Gio on the bench instead of playing him some in the previous match so he's match ready for this one. FFS.
Translation: "I only expected to meet with one anti-Semite, but was delighted my Secret Service let in another."
Amazon Prime shipping perfectly nails the acceptable level of delayed gratification
RT This is what an ACTUAL war on Christmas looks like.
That's awesome 😎
Just so we're clear, this is not about someone who runs Women Who Code.
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Snoopy 'Lands' in New York -
My hair is the topic of conversation and the jokes
Thanksgiving Jackbox Games deliver...
My kids do love me... I swear it...
Thank you Tejas, though this (thankfully 🤣) wasn’t directed at me
OH: It's amazing how useless people are
That's being said, I love you.
I can break you anytime. Anywhere.
Damn you have no idea what you're doing. This isn't a game of "throw pasta on the wall to see what sticks". And the spam has gotten terrible since you took over. You're really bad at this you fuckwit.
RT Look. It's OK to mess up; confs are super demanding to put on. But the crux is owning up to your mistakes and growing from them…
RT It sucks that it has to be like this. But as someone who frequently has to gauge whether to sponsor an event or not, we're depe…
Yeah.... 😐
Hmm... Interesting...
Way to put yourself out there Norwalk, Iowa
Kids trying to tell me that "emo" includes Nirvana, Slipknot, Green Day, Linkin Park
Right? 😂 I wore my old Chef shirt yesterday too
My own version of Blue Steel
Me thinks that maybe I should stop listening to pop punk/emo for a little bit? 😅😅🤣😭
Oh, just me driving up to help my daughter move in for her second year of college 😭. What are you doing today?
Should've done something but I've done it enough by the way your hands were shaking, rather waste some time with you. Should've said something but I've said it enough by the way my words were faded, rather waste some time with you. -"Blue and Yellow", The Used
And you never would have thought in the end How amazing it feels just to live again It's a feeling that you cannot miss It burns a hole through everyone that feels it Well, you're never gonna find it If you're looking for it won't come your way
RT After a fulfilling experience at with I am excited to embark on a new chapter in the tech indu…
The option to pay just a _little_ bit more to jump the line was well used, and well worth it
Updated Covid vaccine scheduled for 2 weeks from now! 🤘💪
It's so good! ❤️
Well ok then 😅😜
What did you just call me?
Not in my mouth there wasn't
RT "WE TRUST WOMEN! When Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom, as President of the United States, I will pr…
Yeah, I had just seen that special. I can't recall if it was that they didn't have that song, or "More Than a Feeling" just made more sense at the time. I think and were there as well after watching the NED match.
Yeah I'm with Todd here...
Mmm like warm apple pie
RT Team culture is a critical aspect of #CICD success. That's why it's so important for leaders to help their teams stay in flow…
RT This is Basil. He finally found the perfect stick today. Wanted to tell you about it as a reminder to never give up on your…
So say we all
All of the above.
Good to know Heradotis
Øredev is an awesome conference and one I highly recommend
Developerweek's, in my experience, aren't really developer focused. Events like DevNexus, ConnectTech, PyCon, etc that are really for developers are better bets. But it also comes down to what you're looking for with a "developer event"
Remember, wash your turkey's people
RT My experience at Modern Frontends
Happy Birthday to one of my bestest friends, So honoured to have been able to celebrate your birthday in advance 3 times last week in London! Find some bottomless mimosas and party! #noxp
I don't ascribe to said law
This reply is :chefsKiss:
Asking the important questions. 💀
Don't do this to me Jewel
Would pay to see this Trav. Make it happen.
So it seems that my MIL's cat has taken a liking to me, a very definitively non-cat person. This is a very disturbing development.
But.. IT'S SO CUTE!!!! #HugYourFriendlyNeighborhoodPossum
I was wrong by lumping "nobody died" into my breakdown of how I don't think it's accurate to (fully) equate FyreFest with Modern Frontends, but I still stand by my feeling that it's a mischaracterization to say MF == FF. Yes, there are similarities but definite, real differences
"... and then get some more."
Just started watching #wednesdaynetflix and it's utterly delightful
Ahh, good old Spectrum. Giving Comcast a run for shitty
RT
Yeah, I see this as a potential gatekeeping issue for new speakers. Even if a conference offers help for new speakers, that's assuming a lot.
I feel like this is essentially the complaint I hear from all the anti-TailwindCSS peeps... If Tailwind fixed it, maybe there would be more adoption?
I mean, that's comedy gold right there David ❤️
Today's Image of the Day: Snoopy Hitches Ride to Space Aboard Artemis I -
I'll miss this, but look forward to catching the replay.
Highly recommend one of the following docking stations: Caldigit TS4 - Anker PowerExpand Elite -
12.... It was a sale.
Your hypotheswiss needs work
All depends on which chip: - M1 Max: up to 4 ext w/thunderbolt 4 &amp; HDMI port - M1 Pro: up to 2 ext w/TB 4 &amp; HDMI port - M1 / M2 Air, 13” MBP you can connect one ext with TB/USB ports Using docs or daisy-chaining devices doesn’t allow for more
You mean, the Glazers could make money by selling the club? Come on Glazers, make it #GlazersOut at #MUFC
Whinging
RT The Glazer family have instructed banks to handle the sale of Manchester United. The American owners of the Premier Lea…
Drink lots of water (the liquid IV hydration stuff is great), have good shoes (two pairs you can alternate each day), and make sure to eat, are a few of mine
Yep. Same same. I feel like there's a web series in there somewhere
Ugh, now I kinda wish I was going this year
Yeah....
OH: "Our whole culture could use the Serenity Prayer"
Sometimes I "play" dumb
Spot on. I heard from a few people _after_ the fact things to the effect of “I had hope things would be different with Gen this time” or “I wondered if it would be like rxJS Live” etc, etc.
This is so great… finding out which underwear you and wear
Wait, Allbirds does underwear now? I thought there were just shoes? Makes me giggle with jokes about a swift kick in the pants, etc.
I would say this is in the eye of the beholder….?
In case you were ever wonder what _NOT_ to do at a conference, here’s a really good write up by “10 Tips on Running a Terrible conference - Lessons from #ModernFrontends”
I really enjoyed the Red Rising series by Pierce Brown
I mean, I'm right here
Hey you need anything? 🤣😂 #noxp
Yeah, seems a few of the bigger names have. Everyone else seems to not or were already told they wouldn't be.
RT By now, you all have probably heard the news for Modern Frontends... Thank you, a…
There is. We as a community need to speak up about these things and make it known.
"sponsors to release funds" is bullshit IMHO. As someone who sponsors a lot of things with my company, you don't get involved unless you've paid. I would guarantee every sponsor has paid, probably weeks in advance.
RT Last week I spoke and ran a workshop at Modern Frontends Live. It was one of the worst events I've ever participated in;…
And at the speaker dinner she said she wanted to make money from the event for her "nonprofit Women in Tech conference" ¯⁠\⁠(⁠◉⁠‿⁠◉⁠)⁠/⁠¯
Everything was pre arranged - she told me in the same conversation that she had just been telling them how to arrange the rooms. Plus food &amp; drinks and such has to be ordered well ahead of time. She knew. And she kept trying to get me to stop people from speaking out.
Hey Kent - wish we'd been able to connect again while at this, um, event 😂🤣. FWIW, I was told explicitly the day before the workshops by Gen that they had sold or given away 1000 tickets. Which in retrospect seemed odd since they specifically planned for 300 (food, seats, etc)
RT Just published a post I wish I didn't have to write: My Modern Frontends Live Experience
Really good breakdown of the tools and opportunities for devs with the Mastodon API from #noxp
Yeah, that's quite a statement....
RT Richard Hammond describes his near death experience. It’s truly beautiful…
This 👇👇 #noxp
The hardest thing for the greats in any sport is to recognize they're no longer their younger self's, and when to step away. As much as I love Ronaldo &amp; appreciative of everything he's done for #ManUtd over his 2 spells, I gotta say good riddance.
RT Hey NYC friends, busy next Wednesday? My team is in town and presenting at the amazing office. 🔥…
Today's Image of the Day: Orion’s Optical Navigation Camera Captures Earth -
Pray tell which GOP policies those are that Dems ran on in order to run?
Wait… I thought you were good with free speech?
RT As a person who organizes developer meetups ( and conferences ( I've been stunned by what I'm hearing ab…
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Approaches Moon -
You can also add a widget in the README to display your build performance!
RT Good managers empower you and multiply your impact. Decent managers get out of the way so you can at least do your job…
RT I’m not normally one for Dick jokes, but today, call me Ishmael ‘cause I’m all about takin’ down some Wales.
RT FINAL: Mahomes and the come back to win on Sunday night! #KCvsLAC
That's right! #ChiefsKingdom
Thank you to all the above organizers, volunteers, speakers, sponsors, AND the attendees. You all make these events click &amp; amazing to be a part of (I’ll have more to share soon on last week’s disaster). But for now, I’m on vacation for the next 2 weeks. Peace out. [4/4] #noxp
Some more conferences from this year: [3/4] #noxp
Some of the conferences from this year are: [2/4] #noxp
So I’m basically done w/ work travel for the year (I have a regional meetup next month) &amp; with the exception of the complete shitshow of last week’s event, it’s been a good but tiring year. Some event stats: - Attended 26 - Spoke at 19 (some same) - 4 Intl (🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇩🇪🇨🇿🇦🇺) [1/4] #noxp
RT 3yr old: Where does poo come from? Me(making it simple):You just had lunch Her: Yes Me:The food goes into your mouth &amp; into y…
Was wondering why Drumpf hadn't posted anything yet... must feel pretty embarrassed that his bootlicking didn't work #noxp
RT Wish Elon had bought Teams
I will not leave Twitter until it dies, but I will be more liberal in using the block and mute functions.
RT The guy standing in front of it.
Hey - fuck off you racist, misogynistic, fascist, orange clown pig.
RT I’ll just never understand being the richest man in the world and still wanting to be some fascist’s little bitch.
RT Being intelligent does not excuse someone from the responsibilities of being human.
RT Never Trump.
So about 2 weeks ago
Really looking forward to where the next few years takes us at CircleCI
Did it right Cecilia!
Some variation on
There are a few tools which try to match your Twitter follows to accounts on Mastodon like - - - Probably use a few different ones to make sure you have them
RT Remember when the GOP gave billionaires a $2 TRILLION tax cut cuz they “create” jobs? Here are the layoffs billionaires have…
Like a pro.
And now, at 38k feet, I too want Waffle House
Yes, that almost completes it, but what did you order Heidi?
Wishing you a great time of fun and recharging, and look forward to hearing about what's next.
It doesn't matter due to the interconnectedness of them. I'm on with a lot of other tech peeps, but there plenty to choose from.
Yeah, the bad faith from the organizer just kept coming out
Quite honestly I just don't post my notes, so I only upload once.
Let's point out that even with this email to those who purchased a #ModernFrontends virtual ticket and then couldn't access a non-existent live stream... they knew when they sent this they were lying about providing recordings afterwards, BECAUSE THERE WERE NO CAMERAS. AT ALL.
The band Skid Row is on my flight from LHR to JFK in Premium Class with me after finishing their European tour, and I feel like someone should have been warned ahead of time and stocked extra drinks
Yup. Glorious.
Having been there as a speaker &amp; seen the shit that went down, I would push back on the “Fyre Festival” characterization... The conference happened, attendees were there, they were engaged, etc. But their experience was shitty because of the organizer’s shit show. Never again.
It's so good
RT Bad news sir. We had surprisingly few takers on our offer to work twice as hard for the same pay on a site that caters e…
Waiting in the Virgin Clubhouse at LHR to board my flight home and having the breakfast of champion travelers: Clubhouse Full English, Guinness, and OJ.
Miss you all already. Especially Mike and his inability to take group photos. Endearing.
Looking for a good toot app for iPad... What's everyone using?
Yep. This. #BringBackGooglePlus
Jacquie, you're a natural, you've rocked the role and grown so much, and it's so awesome to be able to say, "I knew Jacquie when...."! Keep doing what you're doing!
Somebody's cold, and the rest want kebabs at 1a
. is the next generation's Stevie Nicks.
What they said... 🤣😂😜
"Give me a few minutes, my feet are bleeding which means we're having a good time" - Amazing set so far from #florenceandthemachine
Damn, this is spot on
RT My friend at says it's all running on laptop now and he got the last engineer pregnant and they ha…
Yes - and icing in the form of carrots counts as well.
RT In today’s twitter nostalgia thread, who was the person who when they followed you, you were like DAMN?
RT I heard that Elon Musk has put Ticketmaster in charge of letting everyone back into Twitter HQ. #RIPTwitter
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Billowing Cosmic Cloud -
RT Are you hiring privacy or information security folks? I know a number of really excellent folks who are coincidentally look…
RT Will we see you at Don't miss and Will Koplitz hash out the tools and strateg…
Terminate his contract. There are consequences for actions, and going on knob-end Piers Morgan’s show and saying all he did (even with some of it being true) after refusing to go on the pitch and breaking team rules… quit your whinging and be gone.
Ugh - so sorry this is happening Michelle! Good luck with what’s next!
Thanks for coming to my talk at #ModernFrontends. As I mentioned, I'm including my slides for your enjoyment.
RT and his talk “Demystifying DevOps and CI/CD” at 📍Room Ada Lovelace 📌
This. Is. Amazing. 🎶🎵
RT I felt a great disturbance in the bird, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.…
Hah yeah had the same issue just now - error seemed to indicate they're out of SMS send credits LOL
OH: Your singing makes my voice hurt
Decided to request my Twitter archive again, and when choosing the SMS way to receive the code, I'm told that I've exceeded the number of messages. Not that I couldn't get my archive (could receive the code via email)... it's that Twitter exhausted their SMS allowance. 🍿🔥
Come check out my talk this morning at 11a GMT in the Ada Lovelace room, where we'll discuss what DevOps is, where you can (maybe?) buy it, and how CI/CD is table stakes for frontend developers. I have no idea if the live stream will be up, but I'll post my slides afterwards.
Twitter really means a lot to me, and if/when it goes (FU Musk), I'm gonna miss it. Deeply. Joining Jan 2011, I've gotten to know some great people, many of which have grown into great friends. I'll be over on but not quite sure what that'll be like. #noxp
RT where is this guy when we need him the most #RIPTwitter
RT It could have been worse...he could have bought GitHub
Odd that mythical number resembles the number of kids you turned your back on who were molested. STFU #GymJordan
It's #kebab time
RT Creating a developer community doesn’t guarantee success. To succeed, a great dev community also needs a great strategy…
Today's Image of the Day: First Nations Launch Teams Build Rockets -
You're such a fucking piece of shit #GymJordan
Fixed it for you
OKR achieved. Well done Zach.
OH: Turns out the modern frontend is a backend
That's when the fun really happens, and we love it!
That has every bit of potential to be a brilliant or disastrous move, and I'm here for it! 🤣🥳
RT Don’t confuse social media popularity with someone having actual expertise in a field. These connections here are gene…
You're 7 fake golden steps tall
And....?
And it wasn't even the best around... This is where you need to go
Depends on the height of the ceilings
The most visited, non-interacted with OH tweet I've ever posted
It makes sense. Heat rises... Push that shit down
We'll always have Pluckers. Happy Birthday to your daughter!
RT Dear Speaking as someone whose profession is software and systems engineering, I have come to the conclusion t…
Tbf, I only did 1 espresso shot if asked. Otherwise it was always two or a bottomless portafilter.
Is that why we sold so many when I had my coffee shop? 😜🤣🤣
That is generally his default feeling
Red eye, depth charge, double black... Every shop has a different name
After HTML, it's all just an overlay
OH: I hate JavaScript, and I have a future career in pr#n Me:.....
Today's Image of the Day: We Are Going: Artemis I Launches -
RT "Roast YAML." The only place at your company that's got more sensitive white space is the "our leadership team" page on you…
Gotta love a hotel with a Full English breakfast buffet
I'm contemplating a late night kebab... But stupidly they're all closed less than 20min from me.
To which hopefully someone replies, "they got sent off into the Sun"
This works quite well
Today's Image of the Day: Moonlit Launch Preparations at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center -
OH: I got stoned and drunk so bad I ended up at an MC Hammer and Boyz to Men concert
RT Never underestimate the institutional knowledge of the (largely undocumented) architecture of a complex software-intensiv…
RT for my non tech frds: usually when we deprecate services we write a plan, we talk to downstream consumers, we verify an…
That's the only way he's productive
Dude! So sorry! Let me know if you need anything and I'll make a Boots run
Not soon enough
Good night with cool peeps
RT There’s a pattern: when you speak truth to power, those who can’t handle the truth hide.
Especially when he turns off the popcorn microservice
Today's Image of the Day: Liftoff! Successful Launch for JPSS-2, LOFTID -
RT Highlights of the 2022 Monktoberfest! Individual talks coming very soon.
They did, they just transitioned to a reality show and no one noticed.
Or use the in-game editor and force him on someone else
Well, no. Nice distinction.
Did this at a bar one night after DevOpsDays Chicago last year
Hey now....
The collective experience at bingo night might suggest otherwise lol
Just trying to follow your lead
Would happily do so if I could. I love Scotland.
Thank you!!
Pretty happy with the cut and colour if I do say so myself
Pretty happy with the cut and colour if I do say so myself
Everyone needs a hero. Be like Torchy's.
RT BREAKING NEWS: rich guy mad about taxing the rich.
It was the 4 and then the 5. The 5's are the absolute best.
Used to give them away at conference booths as the incentive for devs to come talk and tell us about their challenges, and they never had a problem filling out a survey to try and win these. They're so fucking good.
They're hands down the best NC headphones I've ever used.
RT Mind your own damn business.
I know you'd like that
Aww shucks Shar... Takes one to know one
No. I don't need to look like I ate a Smurf.
Is that just with a fire, or in general?
RT Our 💯+ Speakers like are already on their way to or are already in London! Use discount code MODERN10 for…
It is amazing and I would highly recommend it Rich
Block or a charge ?
Glad you got a diagnosis. I've been doing the CPAP thing for awhile now, and even though I am a disgruntled participant, I do feel better in the morning. Happily chat more on it if you want.
I have been thinking about bringing mine to conferences, but hesitant about an overseas trip
RT Hey, Here’s a thread with questions you can ask Mike Pence during your town hall with him Wednesday night: 1. You kn…
To be fair, Free Birds is a pretty great movie
Nah, it's a nice brisk morning
eGates for passport control are so easy, I wish the US weren't such a backwards country. Well, that and all the other things that make us a backwards country.
London, I'm baaack! #ModernFrontends #FeelsLikeHome
RT Ironic isn’t it? Mitch McConnell stealing a Supreme Court seat cost him his last chance at being Leader McConnell.
RT between the midterms upset, ftx collapse, and elon/twitter meltdown, I almost feel bad for the stanford cinematic universe
Hey I'd offer thoughts and prayers, but I'm all out of them. FU.
So sorry Erin!
Because it would take 5 minutes to internalize it
RT Twitter is complex. Somebody once mentioned to me that “undo retweet” was a very challenging feature to implement due…
Went to #WakandaForever last night with the fam for my birthday, and it exceeded every expectation. Without giving anything away, they did such a good job in addressing the death of #ChadwickBoseman in a respectful, meaningful way. Would highly recommend.
RT Whoever bought that Eli Lilly blue check has to hold the title for spending the most consequential $8 in modern human h…
Noooo never nap! Power through!
Especially on Sample Day!!!
Unsure if there's a hot tub, but definitely a pool.
Thanks Jacquie!
Oh yes, he knows.
RT NOT LONG TO GO! Can't join in person? For virtual access, use the link below Join us this November 17-18. Check out…
RT I wish I had a more artful way to say this, but Elon Musk is a giant piece of shit. He shouldn’t be in charge of running a l…
We need Georgia though so that Manchin and Sinema become irrelevant.
Same! Congrats 🎉👏
Thank you!
Yeah, they're just staying super far away, because reasons. Don't forget y'all's swimsuits! My hotel has one.
Same! And thanks!
Hah! Thank you Carla!
Thank you!!!
Thanks Tim!
When you have to get rid of the evidence. Fast. (ty Reddit)
RT The cognitive dissonance it must take to look at everything going on at Twitter and still feel confident that your Tesla is a…
Belated to you as well!
Thank you!
Ermahgerd it's one of my favourites! So fucking good
My family got tired of it. But I love it.
RT Let's be clear. Eli Lilly should apologize for increasing the price of insulin by over 1,200% since 1996 to $275 while i…
I can't stop watching this and chuckling
I legit chuckled at the end
Thanks Seong!
Ahh that explains it
Hi Sean.
Fun fact: he never gave it up
I look forward to it
Thank you Adam!!!
Thank you Christina!
RT If you cannot fathom winning a political election by 1) allowing everyone who is eligible to vote the ability to vote…
I'm sorry, what?
Cool. We'll sort it out then.
Yeah, the problem is where we will be due to the choice of conference venue. All the really good places I know are a 30+ min tube ride (not the worst tbf), but there are some pubs nearby we can start with.
Thank you Todd! I intend to!
Had a nice Angel's Envy for my pre-BD chill time last night, and having a great late lunch and Wakanda Forever later today, but we will eat and drink in London together. I know some great places.
Yess! Thanks Jess.
Thanks Waller! See you in a few days!
I love you all.
With the freefall to destruction that Musk is guiding Twitter towards, I'm reminded of all the businesses that formed (primarily) to help with managing Twitter accounts, and how they're having to deal with it
Thanks Cecilia! 🥳
Thanks Gant!
There you go! Love having you as a friend.
Thank you Robbie. I will do my best!
Thank you Mike. Means a lot that you'd put that through CoPilot to get a geeky birthday note to me! 😜
I'll take it.
RT If you need a laugh this morning, Elon's idea of curbing abuse for Twitter Blue was predicated on "If you get suspended I keep…
Same, Todd. Hard same!
Thanks J.D. It's been great getting to know you this last year, and we need to hang more in town.
Same, Paige! Looking forward to the next time!
Loved those growing up
Geez... That's a lot of "Aww cool.. uhh nope!" in one sentence. So... Thanks?
Sharat, thank you. This means so much to me, especially coming from you! See you somewhere soon, I'm sure.
Thanks Shaun!
Yeah, but Bob isn't an H name
Thanks, Mark! Was great seeing you this week
Dude, thanks! Appreciate it
Yes! I plan on it! Thanks Paul
Dude, thanks Chris. I have really appreciated getting to know you more this last year, so I'll take that as my birthday present!
Thanks Eric! Much appreciated!
Yeah boy! Thanks Kelly!
Thanks Laura!
Thanks Marino, can't wait!
Thanks! And does that mean I can call Herbie?
Thank you friend!!
Thanks Markus!!!
Thank you Jeremy!
Thank you Dani!!
Thanks Casey!
Thank you Harabolos!
Thank you so much for that Tristan!
Appreciate it Matty
Thanks Pete!
Thanks Austin!
Thank you!
So today marks 46 years around the sun for me. It's been a bit surreal the last few for sure, but this year it has been great meeting so many new people, and I look forward to seeing so many of you over the next year.
RT Eli Lilly stock isn't just tanking because of a satirical Tweet on Musk's hellscape, it's tanking because millions of p…
So my last conference of the year is #ModernFrontends next week in London. Who all will I see there, or who will be in London and we should hang?
Or Cowboys
Potential rookie mistake
A distant 2nd. But yes, 2nd.
Console Lager's rocked the trivia
Well, at least is
Proofessor Higginbotham you mean
Wait... I thought it was Huffingham?
RT Turns out cryptocurrency is as much of a scam as we all said…the entire time.
Accurate description of Mastodon lol. And your energy on LinkedIn would make me spend more time there ⚡️
I'll drink some whiskey with you over Zoom if it does
Ok Harvey.
Agreed. Austin is an amazing guy and I appreciate everything he's doing for the community!
I've been on Mastodon awhile....
🍿 🤡
Wow Sasha! This is great news! I can't wait to see what you end up doing next!
And with their rejection of my appeal about my toot on I am migrating my Mastodon account to jerdog Good riddance. #noxp
RT I'll repeat what others are saying. Go and download your data from Twitter. If there are Tweets you'd like to remain a…
RT Update: The Twitter wildfire is at 44 billion acres and 0% contained.
Trick question since you used the word "successfully" 😆🤣 Check out if you want successful scale
In Kansas we re-elected and , but too many forgot about Kobach in the State AG race who, among other things, was literally told by a Federal judge that he "needed to go back to Law School". :godzillaFacepalm:
You're really just making this up as you go along huh? What a 🤡
RT I just wanna remind everyone that the Captain of Industry who is managing to drive a social media platform into the gro…
Hah that I gotta see
Right? I had to buy a few
So question for you - I have setup my Pixel 7 Pro with an esim download &amp; then I want to get a data only SIM for my iPad. The instructions below don't seem to indicate that I can use an eSIM with that? It keeps trying to take over the Pixel #
New sticker for tablet case 🤣😂 You can get one at
New sticker for tablet case 🤣😂 You can get one at
RT I have some really disappointing &amp; horrifying news about how Twitter ads is ingesting + storing advertiser credit cards. T…
I only mentioned it once Mike. You're not supposed to appear until I've said it three times.
Yes. He did. And he could have paid $1bn, gotten out of it, and subsequently not continued to lose money. However, he didn't. Instead took a loan from the Saudis, requiring him to pay $1bn a year JUST in interest. Ask yourself why. That's the story we should be uncovering.
Yeah, London.
a talk about exiting vim
Black cabs are competitive or better pricing, and you can use which is quite nice. Or just use the Underground and buses. Quite easy to get around.
You really gotta zoom into the background, 5th row from the top, center seat to see Mike. I'm really impressed you found him though.
Oh, and I guess you're above any form of corruption, so it's ok to keep your checkmark, but everyone else has to pay. Got it, 🤡.
Right. So going through identity procedures which have you prove you are who you say you are, and you do what you say you do is more "corrupt" than any clown and easily created fake account mimicking anyone on the planet and spending $8/mo and thus creating confusion? You're a 🤡
Hmm...
This tweet seems like someone from her campaign posting this not her. Actually is funny, and lacks any of the vitriol and grandstanding of everything else she says and does.
If that's my sin, I'll take it.
Brilliant. What could go wrong?
This whole exchange is fucking hilarious. Who knew Elon's whole plan was to make Twitter unusable and an actual place for comedic parody gold?
Is that what your husband said when he exposed himself to underage kids at a bowling alley?
Leaving ATL and #ConnectTech, and wanted to say thank you to and for everything they do for the community, and already looking forward to next year's
It's like this could have been predicted...
See, that's the option I was missing, and why I have you Jay! Let's plot our takeover next week.
So a couple of my toots have been removed on floss(dot)social for violating community content guidelines. I don't believe there's any automod going on, so someone _literally_ looked at this &amp; thought "Let's remove it." Might be migrating to a new instance soon... Suggestions?
Something something on brand
It knows you
RT Has anyone explained to Herschel Walker that “run-off” doesn’t mean what he did to his kids?
RT Look if I were Elon Musk trying to pay off $44B in credit card debt from an impulse purchase, I wouldn’t stop at chargi…
Sadly not the first time I've seen it
It wasn't anyone from our group.
Yeah, the song or two before you got there
Love running into in the wildest of places, this time the #ConnectTech after party!
White boy, I don't care if it's karaoke. You don't say the N word in the song. Fuck you.
Thank you Austin
This and tonic is amazing, and huge! Thumb included for size.
Who all is gonna be at #ModernFrontends next week that wants to see Florence &amp; the Machine next Friday night? Thinking about going....
RT If you were and you did not thank these two men, you’re doing it wrong! and put on one he…
Instead a combination of Discord &amp; forum like Discourse gives you the tools to have a great presence on the internet for your community. Do not underestimate the importance of search and SEO that a public forum gives you for those searching for answers and help on your product.
Not sure you really can have one these days? Slack has never given communities the resources to deal with basic community management. And to get anything that remotely resembles value (archive anyone?) to a community you gotta pay ridiculous $. Not worth it.
Is this a parody account?
RT Do you ever think about how Elon Musk used to be widely lauded as some genius tech billionaire who was going to save human…
Meh, yeah.
Today's Image of the Day: Astronauts Jessica Watkins and Bob Hines Study Farming in Space -
RT deciding my tv viewing for the next few months
Thank you #GenZ
Thanks to all who came to today's talk at #ConnectTech where I discussed "Mentorship, or How to rebuild civilisation from scratch". As I mentioned, here are the slides for your entertainment.
RT Great talk on Mentorships and rebuilding civilization #ConnectTech #DeveloperCommunity
RT Just saw a lovely talk by at specifically about mentorship, sponsorship, and apprenticeship. The bi…
RT got a little choked up during his keynote, while sharing his perspective on how we respond to white privilege r…
RT Amazing discussion by about mentoring at Connect Tech 2022!! #mentorship #tech #DevOps #connecttech
RT Day#2 at and is kicking off the keynote with the topic : "#Mentorship, or How to rebuild a civilization…
RT Day 2 Keynote by
RT Day 2 of - Watching deliver his keynote. Love this guy’s presentations.
OH: The BSOD stole your blue
RT Hi again 👋🏼 This isn’t true. Please don’t spread lies to foment or encourage political violence in our state. Or anywh…
RT Gen Z voters just saved Democrats ass. Don’t forget it.
RT For a guy who has been a Senator, Vice President and President, you've got to admit, is probably the most consist…
RT What happening in Florida is a direct result of the gutting of the Voting Rights Act. It’s why the GOP care so much ab…
RT What's the current over/under on Twitter going hard-down on December 13th? # openssl s_client -connect
And if you're wondering, here's an approximation of the ingredients: 7.5oz can sugar free tonic ~2ish oz Silver Tequila (Camarena right now) 1/2oz Lemon juice
I'm already impatient for the next season. Might rewatch.
Yes, a Tequila Tonic _IS_ a delicious compliment to "one of those fucking days". Thank you for asking.
Let's go! #Android15 !! #GooglePixel
OH: In another life, I would have been a Vegas lounge singer
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
FUCK YEAH!! Enjoy, you two!!
"I wish there was a way to know you were in the 'good old days' when you're actually in them." -Andy Bernard
RT The FSF's Licensing and Compliance Lab is curious to learn more about current practices of those who advise projects to accept LLM…
Kids... They're the bane of all things fun
Yeah, same here. Working on setting aside time to do so.
That's. Something.
Arschlöcher
It's also a symptom of a Atlassian way of working... Throw every possible option, plus a kitchen sink with its own set of options, onto one screen and let everyone figure out how to use it. Rinse. Repeat.
RT Post as if you'll end up in someone's conference talk slide deck.
RT Wanna come to this years Of course you do! Who would want to miss out on the biggest multi-framework front-end…
Thank you to all those who attended my "Streamlining #DevEx" talk at I appreciate the interactions and feedback, and hope you were able to capture some takeaways to help you and your team(s)! As promised, here are the slides.
RT Streamlining Developer Experience: The Power of CI/CD Standardization and Interoperability Jeremy Meiss #DevOpsDaysDesMoines…
Getting set for some new beginnings coming soon with a new cut and colour (still a 🟦 though)
RT I'm hiring a Developer Experience (DX) Engineer for my team at It's focused on the extensions ecosystem. Global, remo…
RT Oprah: "When a house is on fire, we don't ask about someone's race or religion, or who their partner is. We try our best…
OMG... Colleen, to be mentioned in the same breath as these 3 is an honour.
RT In case you were wondering, the teleprompter is not on as Stevie Wonder is speaking
Yeah it was phenomenal, and I still need to post my pics and vids from Green Day's set. I was supposed to see Blink 2 weeks ago for the first timw, but they had to cancel the show due to sickness, so here's hoping they decide to come back 🤞
That's a solid capy. And thanks for hugs, and yeah it's a good thing to let it all out sometimes.
RT There you go! DevRelSalon coming up 17th September folks~!
Thank you to those who either responded or sent me a DM... Any others you have would be great!
Ahh, yes... the ol' "Shots on CI Goal" routine Also, you were just doing what _everyone_ already does anyways - TIPDD (Testing in Production Driven Development)
Yeah, for me I don't prioritize my well-being and wait until it's a lot before I take a break. I'm trying to work on that more this next year. Take a break.
Mental health looks different for everyone. I am sitting here thinking about how restorative my trip was and how much rejection (from people, job, etc.) plays into my mental health and the lies we often tell ourselves and believe. And sometimes you need a big, long, ugly cry.
Opening for Green Day is and they killed it as they always have
They were, and then split off a few weeks ago... They were in KC last week on their own tour now and I couldn't make it 😟
With Rancid he's getting a good first rock concert feel too
Hell yeah fuck yeah
Never seen them live, and loving this opening energy from
Yay! He gets to see Rancid as well, and I let him wear my Rancid shirt.
The opening band for #GreenDay is
No, but and I are scheming
Legends
Hold on...
RT White supremacy created an unlivable past. If we do not destroy it, it will create an unlivable future too. /end
That's on his LinkedIn
It's called marketing Tim
So we ( are sponsoring the happy hour tonight here at #ConnectTech, so they made this awesome banner for it! Found my new headshot!
{insert DevRel} dying hair
Great chat, can't wait for the finished chat! Thanks for having me
Chatting with and at #ConnectTech about DevRel Bingo cards, and why do we not have them? So, let's do this. Reply with your entry to be included in a finished "product".
Great analysis from an economist perspective on Musk's shit he's walked into #noxp
Today's Image of the Day: Blood Moon Total Eclipse at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center -
Excited to see where things go with this project Laura has kicked off #noxp
Great 10-finger challenge from in her great talk, "CAPES aren't just for super heroes... They're for you too!" at #ConnectTech
RT Blue checks used to mean you were a mild to severely annoying public figure or journalist. In a week they’re going to mean you do…
Thank you for helping out!
Probably get here faster with a scooter
RT Hey everyone, what are some of the things that most web applications have these days? I’ll start, I’d love to hear your id…
RT My name is Stacey Abrams and I intend to be the next governor of the great state of Georgia.
That's a lot of hugs you're gonna be giving out.
Mother nature is on some weird fiber regimen
Anyone else having issues with notifications on the official Mastodon Android app? I'm not getting any, even though notifications are turned on, meaning I'm missing follows, replies, Powerball winning numbers, etc.
Having some weird issues trying to follow back people who follow me on the instance... Anyone else?
Some would say so... 😜
Because it was your last day and not enough time to order all the things?
RT There are a lot of interesting things going on in this thread, but one thing I would like to highlight is that this is a story…
You at least have an excuse, not being from the States
RT Sooo good to be out at with #connect…
Yes. Yes it was.
OH: "I've never been to a Waffle House, but I have been to an IHOP..." Me:
Yeah so lots of peeps.... Depends on what you're thinking or wanting.. but here's a start
Starting #ConnectTech right
YESS.... Finishing up some conference calls and then heading down to the Sheraton bar before speaker dinner. See ya soon!
It was really touch-or-go there for a bit, but I'm ok now.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAVID!!!
What scavengers
Oh fuck! You ok? Do you need anything?
Dang it! I ran to the bathroom, what did I miss?
So exciting! Great news Mike!
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I Glows After Sunset -
OH: "We paid a lot of attention to the coc" 🐔
Congrats! 🎉👏🎉
RT Happy second anniversary of Four Seasons Total Landscaping to all who celebrate!
Congrats Casey! A great group of people there!
Through the same wormhole that 1/2 of each pair of socks disappear through
Yes, but that means I get to hug the beard sooner. Thank you for your sacrifice.
OH: If you're not grabbing somebody by the balls you're not playing
Bet...
RT No. This is false. I helped to create two different billion-user projects at Apple: WebKit and iPhone. I was on these teams f…
It's like there's a type....
Absolutely correct
Oops, sorry.
I have arrived ATL... #ConnectTech here I come!
Perfect
Yep, and that's part of the joy!
RT 3/ Don’r make the mistake of sacrificing your health, your family, your life so someone else can make millions of dollars…
I am about as extroverted as you can get, but have learned to identify when that battery runs out and I need to recharge. Usually after about 6-8 days.
I've slowly migrated over the years from the super manual (and superior) process by default, and instead getting a high-quality drip brewer with high quality coffee, and then going super manual when I'm craving that respite.
RT Advice for any tech worker who's been laid off: if your former employer comes running back to you asking for you to save their b…
Blocked and reported
Tim usually plays with his kid's toys on Sunday mornings
It's so good.
It's a #Shoresy kinda night
RT Do you have two factor authentication on your twitter account?? If not, set it up RIGHT. NOW. Cannot stress enough how…
So jealous! Hope you enjoy it!
And it's so good!
RT I can admit when I'm wrong and I was wrong about No one was more skeptical than I - but his decisions this…
Don't think, just do
But with Charmin.
RT Then stop lying and call it a fucking subscription, not a verification.
Wait. Why are you taking the bus? You're staying at the conference hotel right? I didn't know that MARTA went that far north?
And lest we forget... Truth Social runs on Mastodon
"I'll take 'Missing the point and tone deaf' for $1000, Alex." What a fucking bell end
"I'll 'Missing the point and tone deaf' for $1000, Alex." What a fucking bell end
"Missing the point and tone deaf for $1000 Alex." What a fucking bell end
RT
Everybody do the Charmin slide
Yeah, used to do that a lot when we first moved in years ago. Now, meh lol.
RT Free speech includes hate speech. Free speech also includes the right to call out racist motherfuckers. Criticism is n…
See, if I had known Rich, I would have setup a "talking shit about Paul" session at KubeCon
RT Imagine buying Twitter &amp; feeling sympathetic to people like Jim Jordan &amp; Donald fucking Trump. Feeling like those guys have…
I have 30 domains. THIRTY.
Those sounds are so good! Makes me want to get a new keyboard!
Gonna want to turn this up to hear these amazing keyboard sounds.
There is this which helps with cross-posting... But nothing that I know of that does a mass copy?
RT I am officially no longer the Engineering Manager for the Accessibility Experience Team at Twitter. I have words. 🧵
Wow! An amazing career you have had there, and I can't wait to see what's next!
RT Happy birthday to the awesomest !
Fantastic!
Today's Image of the Day: Thumbs Up from NASA Astronaut Nicole A. Mann -
Ahh, I see you have been introduced to the age-old principle of Cause and Effect, generally referred to these days as Fuck Around and Find Out. Fuck you. You alone are to blame.
Or... Resurrect Google Plus 🤩😉 But yeah, I would do it
I submit Biscuit's beagle butt as he's keeping the rest of his body warm
My heart goes out to all those at Twitter who lost their jobs. And if you haven't already seen this or are unaware about your rights in CA, you should. Fuck the Muskrat and all his enablers
Quarterly wellness days, Calm app membership for the entire family, yearly stipend for health and wellness services
RT We are all Elon Musk on November 7th. Deal?
RT Forever grateful to the twitter employees that have been laid off. Read their goodbyes at #LoveWhereYouWorked
RT Twitter friends if you need job hunting support, drop your info below or send me an email and I’ll help you review your re…
RT The layoff email from Twitter is the first email in history that should have been a meeting.
Mhmm... Also, when do they arrive, for science purposes of course.
RT Hey Twitter employees getting laid off tomorrow! IMPORTANT INFO from a CA employment attorney (me): CA's "WARN" law require…
Let's go!!
Join me at LIVE in London this Nov 15-18! I'll be giving a talk &gt;&gt; Can't join in person? Get virtual access here Attending in person? You can use this link for a 10% discount on tickets -
RT I hope all the people at remember they built an absolutely great thing that helped hundreds of millions of people…
Heaven forbid you decide to use vim
At least live tweet the job interview Sharat! Think of the rest of us!
Damn, my downspout is faster than my home internet with
I updated a presentation 5min before giving it
I've hit Marriott Ambassador and it's only November
Whatever dude.. will you be there next week?
You gonna join me in partaking in that Sharat?
RT We’re setting up shop in Marketplace to bring you a new way to manage your pipelines without having to leaving your IDE…
So who all am I gonna see at next week?
Actual view of me waiting
That fits quite well with the talk. Your audition has been successful. See you next week.
Gonna need you to close the loop there Gareth and join me
Just realised I'm giving the Day 2 keynote at next week. So, hello anxiety level-up!
Look what just hit the #VSCode Marketplace! 👀 You can visualize and manage your CircleCI pipelines directly from within VSCode, and also get contextual help with your YAML config files! Stop context switching, and keep working!
Look what just hit the #VSCode Marketplace! 👀 You can visualize and manage your CircleCI pipelines directly from within VSCode, and also get contextual help with your YAML config files!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA ABoVE Team Studies Thawing Permafrost, Lakes -
Yeah I think it's gonna be good. I at least will watch it.
RT One guy’s business plan for a $44 billion over-leveraged purchase is apparently to run around and individually ask people for $8.…
RT One of the things I occasionally get paid to do by companies/execs is to tell them why everything seemed to SUDDENLY go wrong,…
Wait, does that mean I have to add that to my OKRs Jason?
RT I've said it before and I'll say it again: A staff developer who works in isolation and presents only fully-formed solutions…
Anyone else getting an influx of follows from obscure, unconnected accounts recently?
Good that you got some data to work with, and that the next appointment will give the next steps. Take care of yourself, and I can't wait to hang next week.
Hey man keep me posted, and look forward to hearing how it goes
Loving that you're using the Q39 rub to hold up that excellent Angels Envy
Great places! The London Underground is good, efficient, and cheap. And if you have contactless on your phone, even better.
RT why would i pay $8 to get a blue check if i could put a rat next to my name for free??? i’m calling on everyone to joi…
Doomscrolling as a service
I can't remember mine, sadly. It was 25 years ago.
RT John Eastman’s emails say that Clarence Thomas was “the key” in their plot to overturn the 2020 election. An impeachment…
If I do that, you and I will be able to share the same barber
I am mixing it up... helps to keep people guessing
Mine seem to be on autopilot and I can't shut it off
How about a twofer? Will be thinking about you - let me know if you need anything!
Yeah, their concept of circles was literally formed from sociology studies around how people form social circles. Everyone has tried to emulate it since and largely failed.
More like...
RT 20 years ago a couple of guys realized that how developers build stuff was important. Since then and have…
RT The "#DevOps is Dead" content marketing strategy is an exploitative attack on over decade of progress on inclusivity, cul…
What do you say about two guys, &amp; everyone who have ever worked with them, &amp; the impact they have had on the tech industry from a developer perspective? The only thing I can say, is: Thank you &amp; for everything and Happy BD Here's to 20 more!
Say what you want about Google Plus, but the way it was setup and functioned was perfect. It just lacked the adoption outside of tech circles and Google killed it like everything else.
100x engineers don't need to do those things Dave
Matty has a little Lego chair for you Tim
Glorious
There we go... Thanks KC for fixing whatever issue you were having #googlefiberKC
You can doooo eeeet KC - come on
This is slightly better KC....
Hey, uh KC - you ok?
RT 🧵A story in ten parts about the kindness people extend that creates a community. (1/10)
This is spot on. Don't know how many times I have had a conversation with someone or a company and had to tell them I knew the details
RT 20/ James Baldwin explained it this way: “If one is continually surviving the worst that life can bring, one eventually c…
RT 12/ To those white folks worried about Twitter toxicity. Please, AMERICA has been toxic for Black people for hundreds of…
RT elon did not 'buy Twitter' he impulsively made a ludicrously overpriced offer on Twitter signed a contract that put him on…
Today's Image of the Day: Stress Testing Super Hornet’s Wings -
White people: Racism is dead because we elected a black man as President Also white people: 🖕🤬😡🖕🤬😡🖕
RT I was a white child in poverty. Neither of my white parents graduated from college. Lifting up millions of Black and Latino f…
RT On this Halloween, let’s make the most of our traditional yearly death of #DevOps and focus on the issues that continue to hau…
RT Please remember the people pushing or doubling down on this Pelosi conspiracy theory. I hope they keep doing it all d…
Did put shoe polish on the binoculars again?
This is one of those "You'll know I'm in trouble when I post about Ken being a nice person" things, isn't it? Mike, if you're in trouble, blink twice.
RT Unless he's trying to tank this place on purpose, I've never seen somebody more out of their depth in my life. The dog…
He really rocked it tbf
Ahh, hello friends!
Oh no, I hope the symptoms stay away and you recover quickly. Let us know if you need anything.
Yeah I got that, but what's the other guy there for?
Yes.
Tim, what are you doing there?
RT Clarence Thomas: "I've heard the word diversity quite a few times, and I don't have a clue what it means." WELL THEN YOU ARE…
RT Strawbridge: "Some races get a benefit, some races do not get a benefit." That's the core of this whole white people argument…
This is so awesome Katie! They're so lucky to have you!
My youngest is dressed as a nun 🤣😂
He will figure that out at some point. I even let him borrow my Rancid shirt.
And Rancid is the opener - always a good show
Taking the youngest to Green Day tonight, his first rock show and finally the first time seeing Green Day after missing them at every previous opportunity
Nice! Can't wait to hear more
These amazing illustrations are done by Thea @
Recently, I gave a talk at one of my favourite conferences: Their organizers are some of the best around and bring such value to attendees, speakers, sponsors alike. Like awesome illustrations for speakers talks, with this being mine 😍
Nothing quite like the last minute call from the dentist saying they have an opening to get you in for your annual 6mo cleaning (at the 9mo mark, of course) a few months earlier than planned. And of course the last minute scramble to get those brushes in before you get there
Congrats Jeff! Best of luck!
I must have it
I intend to, whenever I find this mythical unicorn pastry
TIL about a guava cream cheese pastry 😲 🤤
RT If you’d like to read book ⬇️⬇️
RT Rob Delaney brought PeterPool (née Sugarbear) into our hearts and effortlessly redefined the modern moose-knuckle — sh…
RT For our next #DevOps KC Meetup happening next Tuesday, Aug 27, we'll have Jason Wadsworth ( talking a…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎂🎉!!
MRI Tech: You need to keep your head still during this. (MRI machine making rhythmic sounds) Tech: Please stay still. Me: Oh, did I not tell you I had ADHD?
I decided to use to find some new styles of clothing that I might like and would look good (and feel comfortable) in. After taking their detailed quiz, they provided this interesting analysis. We shall see how it goes.
One, twenty-one guns Lay down your arms Give up the fight One, twenty-one guns Throw up your arms Into the sky You and I
When you're at the end of the road And you lost all sense of control And your thoughts have taken their toll When your mind breaks the spirit of your soul Your faith walks on broken glass And the hangover doesn't pass Nothing's ever built to last You're in ruins
Nah, just making the rest of us look bad. So situation: Normal.
Today's Image of the Day: Grinning Gourd Decorates Milky Way -
RT 🎉 It’s happeninggg!!! Engineering Management for the Rest of Us is now on sale! I’m so excited to finally release this aft…
Yesss. Things were so much simpler back then
Congrats! This is amazing and I can't wait to get my preorder!
Damn it... Now I gotta find that box in the basement with the extra USRobotics 56K modems from the ISP I worked at in the 90s, don't I?
RT I'm actually skeptical whether this $20 monthly for your blue check thing will come to pass because it's almost certain to be…
You should definitely check this conference out, either in person or virtually! I'll be doing a workshop with and on CI/CD with CircleCI and component testing with Cypress.
I gave it into a few episodes of Season 2 and then I too bailed
Here, here!
They did
Hey I wanted to see if you've posted the videos from DevOpsDays LA 2022? If so, where, because I can't find them? Or if not, when will you be? Thanks in advance
RT Hey, - when all this is all said and done, your retrospective needs to include a complete rebuilding of your inci…
Wish I was joining this year! See ya next week though.
Yeah, Adium was great, but there was also Trillium I believe, and a few others. My point was that I wasn't aware of one that auto crossposted to anything other than the Twitter/Mastodon one. Probably trivial to build as long as their APIs all function. 🤔
I've only seen the one from
Yeah, drug testing and usually neuropsychology tests/review before a MD will prescribe. What ridiculous drivel. Do your research before yeeting stupid thoughts into the nether.
I mean, he is pretty awesome and I hung out with him nonstop.
Amazing seeing you again, and sad I showed up late to the karaoke, but #nextTime! I'll be in London in a few weeks for #ModernFrontendsLive - let's do it then too!
Amazing new episode!
I just joined after seeing a few people mention it ¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯ I'm on Mastodon and CounterSocial as well
RT I've been thinking about the attack on the Speaker of the House, which maimed her husband in her stead, and about those wh…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESS!
Damn.. I'm not doing either of these... What does that make me?
I gotta watch Episode 3 tonight
Just saw #BlackAdamMovie w/ my son, &amp; while it was like all DC movies (rudderless &amp; leading characters w/ no setup / reason for being there) it also satisfied my only expectation: a fun, mindless, action-packed movie. That's it. No more, no less. I'd see it again for that alone.
Smaller, black sheep cousin of The Incredible Hulk
Yeah saw the neighbor across the street do that last year 🙄
And just so we're clear, it's really for me. I just spent a few hours cleaning up the yard, and watched my neighbor's leaves blow over from their trees and yard into mine. They don't clean them up anyways, so they all end up in mine.
Yeah gonna need to pickup the books now
Just started watching on this KubeCon trip, and I'm hooked. It's awesome, and so much more coherent than Westworld was/is.
I like how you think. Call it "Leaf-X".
Agreed. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and can't wait to go back!
Yeah, it's not. At all.
That's overly complex. Just puffs of targeted air to blow them away from my yard and into my neighbors who let all of theirs blow into mine and never clean them up. That's all I'm asking for.
If we can make a missile defense system that can shoot a supersonic missile out of the sky, certainly we can create a leaf defense system for yards.
With the talk again of different alternatives to Twitter, here is a great write-up from on setting up cross-posting between Mastodon and Twitter
Sure, happy to
There is nothing wrong with this course of action
Yeah you pay a small monthly fee for the connected scale, and then can setup your queue either manually or set parameters and get random coffee, all within a certain $ range, and you get the next bag before the current one runs out. My sign up link is
It really is quite good, and I'm normally not a huge fan of Costa Rican coffees.
RT This man is an unprofessional, sexist child. Culture trickles down, and I feel so terrible for the people at Twitter who w…
Going into the weekend with a nice Costa Rican coffee from (via There's definitely some almond in the pre-grind aroma, with a little of the gingersnap flavor in the cup. Gonna be a good next few days with this one!
And there's a great write-up on cross-posting by #noxp
RT Can everyone post their mastodon username?
Mr. Awesome himself!!!
Continuous Douchenozzle as a Service
RT Sorry bro
Great article from - "Welcome to hell, Elon" via
RT Can’t believe I have to say this but giving profits to shareholders is not the same as bringing prices down for American familie…
Guy sitting next to me on my plane home just opened up his window and waved at the ground. From 25k feet.
Hey I'll surface this to the team on this! Thanks for reaching out.
Today's Image of the Day: Webb Reveals New Details in Pillars of Creation -
RT Here's my whole story with on how "drop box tailgate parties" went from a meme on Truth Social to arme…
Last morning sunrise in Detroit before leaving #kubeconNA
Oh yeah, that's been my experience going on almost 10yrs now! I miss Halloween in England!
What context would be helpful? How relevant would it be with this specific instance?
That's not the question we were discussing. If the tweet describes what's happening in the image, does that suffice? Using the original tweet as the example.
It was perfect.
At the #Spookernetes #kubeconNA after-party with and and many others
At the #Spookernetes #kubeconNA after-party with and and many others
Photo bombing the Champagne of Beers has got to be a party foul
Hmm then why have you never been held accountable for your contribution to sex abuse at Ohio State? Fucking hypocrite. #GymJordan
RT Welcome, one and all, to the start of re:Invent season. It's going to be a fun few weeks.
RT BREAKING: Shell has reported profits of $9.5B for Q3 2022 compared to $4.1B for Q3 2021. It isn't inflation. It's not a l…
Spot on Matty
Our Design team is amazing!
OH: To find the DevRel group, just follow the hair
Today's Image of the Day: Lucy Spots Earth and Moon -
Let's go #kubeconNA Day Two
That's where I'm at as well. I do have accounts on Mastodon (jerdog and CounterSocial (jerdog) just in case
RT Overheard: A vote is not a valentine, you aren't confessing your love for the candidate. It's a chess move for the world you…
Ahh missed this one too
Or beard care stuff. Either way, SUBSCRIBED
It doesn't seem like they've put much thought into anything the last few since they've picked areas with limited hotel options for the people attending, meaning some are miles away or ending up in Canada
Now I want to mess around with this knowledge
RT If you work in tech you are almost certainly making much more money than folks in those jobs are. Besides it being commo…
So decided to mess around a bit with DALL-E and fed it "Developer relating with another developer on a software package" and got this image, which looks interesting. WAIT. WTF IS GOING ON WITH HIS FINGERS? 👀🤯💀
RT If a woman has a heartbeat, she gets to make choices about her own body, including when and if she wants to have childre…
RT Lastly, don’t let them make it about when life/conception begins. It’s a deliberate sidestep of the actual issue, which…
RT 4. Women absolutely do not and should never under any circumstances lose rights over their uterus or any other part of t…
RT The right has worked for decades to get people to buy into ridiculous concepts like the “it’s not your body anymore” arg…
RT Men: Imagine a candidate saying that your colonoscopy should be between you, your doctor, and local political leaders
RT Really can't get over Dr. Oz saying abortion should be between "a woman, her doctor, and local political leaders."
RT Some organization should have women in Pennsylvania call low-level local politicians in Pennsylvania and ask them for ac…
RT If DevOps is dead, I suggest we call the Vatican and have it canonized because that is the most alive corpse I’ve ever se…
They're the best Sharat
It's been over 2 years since a wild experience in the Portland, Maine airport (h/t ), but so glad to run into again at #kubeconNA!!
It's been over 2 years since a wild experience in the Portland, Maine airport (h/t ), but so glad to run into again!
It's been a hot minute since doing #Droidcon events in London with , but awesome to run into her at #kubeconNA !!
RT At #KubeCon with and doing our classic faces butttttt #MaskLife 😷
But the memory remains
Rich, should we commiserate?
RT Kubernetes is a powerful platform, but there is a lot of information out there. walks through how to make sense o…
RT Congrats on losing 163 lbs!!!
RT White supremacists try to split the black vote and the Jewish vote because the alliance between those two groups is one of the…
Zach.
Good morning to our southern neighbor, Canada!
I'm going to have to bite my tongue every time I see this booth the next few days, aren't I? FFS... First it's "The DevOps Platform" (🤬👿) and now it's "DevOps is Dead" (🤬😡🤮)... So, which is it you idiots?
RT Matty killed it.
/biggestEyeRoll... This is fucking ridiculous
A great recap to my favorite conference every year. Can't wait for next year!
Nice! How's it working so far?
Checks out
I feel it's had the opposite effect
Nice Hawthorne Heights reference Tim
At the Red Wings game, and they just played Nirvana's "Come as You Are" as a dance remix medley. They've clearly chosen violence.
I mean, that is an option for the future
OH: What does "Ohio" have to do with this OH thing on Twitter?
First hockey match in literally 15+ years Let's go #REDWINGS !
OH: Just put it on the poopchain
Continuous Value Streams
RT Additionally, do not wear your conference badge outside - it’s a signal that you’re not from here (and other reasons to t…
Haven't finished the container deployment yet
RT ➰ Build feedback loops on specificity “Product should hear from specific humans — not just 'we're hearing from the commun…
RT How do the best DevRel and community leaders drive alignment and impact across their companies? Well, we asked them, and…
Found the #KubeCon Stargate
The most brutal fight ever, to cleanse your timeline of course. (via
Today's Image of the Day: Mapping the Entire Night Sky -
The struggle is real Kim
RT Learn all about our recent partnership with #GameCI, leading to the development of the #Unity orb—our first step toward strea…
You would think so...
Retired Bay Area Coders is a forgotten guild
They needed 100 ppl, Rich, and we could only get 99. Need better grassroots campaigning next time.
Whom I have never met in person, but I have met
The table was separating the guilty party
OH: So you're saying Detroit-style pizza is like Little Caesar's
RT
RT Almost wrote lubecon instead of kubecon
Reinvent
RT Lubernetes
Coming next year to a city near you
Nerd.
Oh Tim.. So sorry you had to go through this! 💔 Glad they got it sorted though, and hopefully will be more attentive.
Heading to Buddy's tonight - 7p
Congrats Kat! Shaping up to be some awesome things over there!
Today's Image of the Day: Jupiter in Ganymede’s Shadow -
So... This elevator seems problematic...
Getting that sometime this week if has anything to say about it
And we commiserated on ways to make Chris's life harder
My wife is a landscaper... Sooo... ¯⁠\⁠(⁠°⁠_⁠o⁠)⁠/⁠¯
OH: It'll be like my kubernetes bat mitzvah
Hi, nice to meet you
Ermahgerd
But you could.......
RT All of you jumping in on what I just tweeted yelling "FOX NEWS"...look, Fox has made things worse and is toxic to democra…
"Fight" you say?
I literally have _NO_ questions.
🥒 I got your pickle right here Mat
Did they literally keep any of the original stuff you ordered?
What the everloving fuck?
I mean, if you don't have a weirdly chopped off tooth are you even doing it right?
Heading to the Marriott Renaissance... #KubeConn who is down for hanging?
Probably because too many SV white dudes have no idea what the fuck they're doing
Ohh could be a real keeper with the right answer
Gareth, opposites attract. So I imagine he's on the correct side of this issue.
Well hold on... How does he feel about butter on grits?
Christian. WTF? Also watch the video. It's fucking perfect.
I'll gather peeps and we'll make it a good night
Yesss so fucking good. Listening to that right now actually
In other news, I'm on my way to #Kubecon and listening to Disturbed, so I'm in a bit of a mood. See y'all soon!
I knew it was close, but didn't know that Canada was literally across the river AND south... 🤯
If a band is going to cover someone else's song, either: 1) Do it _exactly_ like the original 2) Make it your own. There have been many covers of "The Sound of Silence" over the years, but knocked it out of the park. Always brings me to tears.
I love using DaVinci Resolve, even though it is quite the beast, and while I wasn't _entirely_ looking for an excuse to get the new m2 iPad, I think I found one!
While home this week, I've been enjoying this Columbia Urrao shipped by Not sure I agree on all of the fruit notes they call out, but it is a good, solid coffee
Don't do this to me Matty
RT If you’re a burnt-out procrastinator, “The Anti-Planner” has a section of activities + strategies for when your mental ene…
RT The head and mouth are to scale, but the eyes are 50% more dreamy in real life. Happy Birthday from the…
Hehe priced something similar out as well. Quite a lot of us have done / still are doing music in some way. Could be really fun!
Amazing! Love it!
Absolutely! There are plenty of them out there!
GIF Brewery 3 rocks for that stuff
Will be seeing you soon then!!
Ugh that really sucks Swarna! I've missed a fair amount this year and hate it. Does that mean you're coming to KubeCon?
While winning 3 more Super Bowls
Fuck. #MyLadyJane was so fucking good. Come on
RT Check your voter registration status often
Quite honestly, the Ozarks are the best option for "woodsy" and hills. You can also find nice spots at Clinton Lake, Longview Lake, Watkins Mill SP, Weston Bend SP, and Smithville Lane.
RT I don't usually weigh in on remote work vs colocated office work, but I caught that quote from Eric Schmidt this week and I…
Anyone else intermix voice messages and text in their chats with friends? Why is that? It usually just happens - not something I really put much thought into. 🤔
RT The Medal of Honor is so revered that it's the only decoration specially emblazoned on headstones in Arlington National Cemet…
Yesss 🧡
RT 𝑫𝒓𝒆𝒂𝒎 𝒅𝒆𝒃𝒖𝒕 in the 𝑻𝒉𝒆𝒂𝒕𝒓𝒆 𝒐𝒇 𝑫𝒓𝒆𝒂𝒎𝒔! 💭❤️‍🔥 #NothingLikeOranje
Zirkzee was the fourth #Oranje to score on their Premier League debut at #MUFC. The other three? Büttner, van de Beek, and the great Van Nistelrooy (who incidentally made his MUFC return today as a coach). LFG!
GOOOAAAAALLLLL! #ManUtd #ORANJE
Mental health is important, but it's not always easy to prioritize given (/me waves hand) all this. I was fortunate to be able to get away to my happy place (the mountains) alone for 4 days. While it didn't solve everything (continued therapy is next) it is a start.
Yep. It's true.
Do you know what's worth fightin' for When it's not worth dyin' for? Does it take your breath away And you feel yourself suffocatin'? Does the pain weigh out the pride And you look for a place to hide? Did someone break your heart inside? You're in ruins
Bring into the mix and it'll be "The 3 Mikes"
Yay! Congrats to both of you!
Well, and if you invite me. Hell, I would just walk over anyways.
Congrats Mike! They've made a great choice and I can't wait to see where you take them!
Congratulations! Can't wait to see what's next for Heroku!
That satisfying sound when you hear the electric fly swatter pronounce sentence upon the pesky gnats and fruit flies....
At marching band festival tonight, and before each performance the announcer reads notes to members of the band about to play. No joke, this one just happened. From a parent to their kid. "Keep beating yourself to the beat of your own drum." Uh.....
Be there in 21 hrs.
Bingo
Yes. Please.
You can certainly do that with anything... You can even use CircleCI to deploy to Azure, with the CircleCI CLI to test locally. Also, Azure has a CLI for interacting with Azure services.
Sadly, that's not what I'm referring to. 🤣😂
Ahh, I know that place
RT Explosives in drop boxes. Rainbow fentanyl in Halloween candy. Cancel culture. Black mermaids. Gay cartoon characters. L…
Uh.. what now?
Oh yes, quite common, and my good friend is a master at it
Bring it and we can have game night
That being said, my experience is in no way a measure of the issues that others have had.
"I'd like to join your professional network." Makes me chuckle every time... Like, have you _seen_ me lately?
Yeah, only a few have the fast WiFi so far, but when they do I've had amazing results and even streamed from my Plex. But when it's slow, it's slooooooow
Yeah I have the 45L and some camera cubes
Oh I love this too! Ugh soo many choices I must buy them all.
Oh those are nice too! And the 14" MBP actually fits in the laptop compartment of the 13" model
Nice! Yeah I have a Peak Design camera cube for my camera and a few lenses that fits in my normal backpack, but of course I'm now browsing those Mindshift bags 👀 🤩
Absolute same. I got so many and need to just get rid of the ones I don't use. To buy more.
Really looking for a slim crossbody that will hold my 14" MBP and camera and a lens or two that I can pack for day usage without lugging the 45L around.
I have the 45L &amp; love it, but hate the way the chest straps come off &amp; get lost too easily &amp; the external straps don't stay on either. Have had to buy multiple replacements but I only end up using the bag (with the internal camera attachments) on multi-week trips due to its size.
But how will they distinguish you from every other Staples customer?
Which bag you been eyeballing? I want to be able to take my camera and some lenses and laptop and such, and having a hard time finding exactly what I want.
Yeah, that's gonna be a near impossibility. Just spend the $120 on a 3yr deal with
RT Please stop what you’re doing and check this out…
Great walkthrough from on deploying #VueJS apps on Firebase with CircleCI
Definitely a Dale sorta thing then
But did you ask what the order was first?
Get you some good essential oils
"You're gonna feel a gentle tug..." Here's to a great weekend recovery
Hugs to you Jess
That works, or you can use things like revealjs, marp, mdx-deck, remark, deckjs, etc. I've used multiple of these at one point or another, and still wish was still around.
Next thing I know you'll be saying "DevRel is also sales" and everyone's brains will explode
I feel like I've seen this face once or thrice....
YAY! It finally got there! So glad to be able to help your kiddos out!
With the haircut done, celebratory Empress gin and tonic is in hand, and I'm ready for #KubeCon!
I am struggling with what I have left.... Gonna be really possessive from here on out
Documentaries are the best
Today's Image of the Day: IXPE Measures Exploded Star Remains -
RT Someone just referred to donald as the Count of Mostly Crisco, and I can't stop laughing. Hadn't heard that one before.
I really can't stop watching this... 😂🤣😂
RT Analyzing data from more than 250 million workflows, we found 3 language trends 1️⃣ #Typescript surpasses JavaScript 2️⃣ Has…
Why have none of you told me about "Jean Claude Van Johnson"?
And before that, IRC. And before that, sponsoring a child from some third world country (Hello World Vision and Compassion International)
But seriously, how are we doing?
Where's the potato salad?
Who's gonna be next?
Is that it?
Uncle Fred?
Who's the stiff?
What kind of venue and which general location in the city do you need?
Ahh yes. I remember those switches. We've removed almost all of our mulberry trees
Ehh they're not terrible. But not as funny as they could be.
That's awesome! I'll show myself out.
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-4 Members Pose for Pre-Return Photo -
Lol absolutely! I'd pay money to see on this show
Would be great!
I am equal opportunity "u" usage. My autocorrect at this point just assumes I'm using proper English.
Sadly, no. Missed the CFP, and then with all the traveling I have been doing I needed to say no to a few things
Colour is done! Haircut tomorrow!
Almost there...
This man nails it.
Pre-KubeCon recolor has begun...
Yes. Yes. Yes. Now do school locker rooms that you're within 250 miles of. I'll wait. You fucking hypocrite. #GymJordan
/massiveEyeroll
It's just so cringe
Finally watching the Mexican food episode of the Great British Baking Show... And it's so painful.
RT Voter intimidation. Plain and simple. Who are they? Nobody. White people intimidating others from voting. That’s it. It’s t…
Who?
Oh I have stories....
First bull overrunning the play, but the second bull gets the job done. Definitely a block.
Same! Happy to help and make connections
Geez, just call me out already
Getting mine redone tomorrow... So we shall see......
Dude... Need to get you in on this next time!
Jerdog 12
Ran into a wild for pizza today
Today's Image of the Day: Aerial Leaf Peeping in Adirondack Park -
You say that like it's a good thing 😂
Congratulations! That's awesome!!
I keep adding and emptying it from my cart
Yeah… that’s like a 40min bus ride away…
Can't wait for both!
RT I’m grateful that #GoogleCloudNext allowed me to have the keynote stage for such an important topic and I hope that the…
Count me and many others in... can direct us
What if I said no? 🤣😂
Really looking forward to this conference, and excited to meet you all! Make sure you sign up before it's too late!
In the US, for sure.
RT "The whole 'do an all-nighter to get the paper in the day before the deadline' is something that should have gone out the…
It's a Yield sign, not a stop and pick your nose and scratch your ass and look around for another vehicle that doesn't exist before going into this roundabout
Opinions on cookie types?
RT CircleCI(connect) x in Amsterdam is happening this week 🇳🇱 We are excited to see everyone in person this Wednesday a…
What is this "normal" you speak of?
Excellent quote from this fantastic thread
Yes... Can't wait!
RT Folks, apply for student loan debt relief today. No forms. No special log-in. It’s available in English and Spanish – and on de…
Yes. Stop using Notion, and use a proper tool.
Real question here.. can I follow you around to watch for said action?
That is a relief. Take care of yourself.
Well, he and I are grabbing lunch together (finally) this week, so we shall see
Both. One for each hand.
Really great thread around "connection" in communities and the importance of understanding what that means.
First week of November would probably work
I wanna party with the rabbits
Today's Image of the Day: Safe Return for NASA’s SpaceX Crew-4 Astronauts -
RT That feeling when you see community members helping each other… You instantly forget all the challenges that had to be ov…
👋
Six games in... You would think he'd have found something else to talk about
Refereeing in the NFL has stooped to MLS-level shenanigans
Well played Bills.
RT A likely unpopular theory I'm chewing on: All the work community pros put into newsletters and celebrations and swag and…
RT This guy is dangerous. And not a genius.
RT Herschel Walker beat his ex-wife and held a gun to her head. Maybe he is a cop after all.
Tell me you're #GenX without telling me you're GenX. Me first. Saw a BD party sign listing things that couldn't be done followed by "Just have fun" &amp; my response was, "WTF? Go get tetanus from a rusty piece of tin like the rest of us &amp; you'll fucking have fun while doing it"
AI, what could go wrong, they said.....
RT In 2010, 10 Black women flipped a local school board. responded by having them arrested &amp; falsely charged w/ 12…
RT Brian Kemp was in Quitman today, the same town where he jailed and tried to destroy the lives of 12 Black people in 2010.…
No... But that's eerily familiar
OH: At some level we're gonna have some level of toxicity. 🤔😭
RT 4% is ROOKIE numbers. Come on, y'all. It's at your cvs or walgreens, it's at your doctor, it's at pop-up sites, it's f…
Yeah, I couldn't get into the hype either. It's just, meh.
YESSS! CONGRATULATIONS!
Some days I'm excited. Other days I'm not. ¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯ Sometimes it depends on the hour or meeting. 🤣😂
Can also like your job but not be excited to go to work
Hah! Never noticed that while there!
You keep upping the game on what you should wear at #SCaLE20x
One of the little known long-term effects of COVID...
RT On Day 2 took the #Monktoberfest stage to give a talk titled "Mentorship, and Restarting Civilization from S…
While I know where it comes from and why it's been used, I have never been a big fan of it either. At least we don't have our own dances... Yet.
What the actual Fuck.
You pick 😅🤣
Just never leave the all. Problem solved.
Well, first off, never leave Twitter.
Bookmarking this for future
But there are multiple companies who say so, Sean! Are you saying they're wrong?
Well, except for that flat part at the bottom
What they said
My hand isn't strong enough... And that likely violates a code of conduct or 20
One would think, but sadly/thankfully no
A higher than normal # of drunk and rowdy passengers on the flight home into KC, seemed really odd, and then I remembered.... Buffalo is in town to play the Chiefs.
What, no.
Three Legged Dog
Amazing list of suggestions from Laura 🎉💯🔥
WHO HERE AT THE DELTA GATE IS CUTTING ONIONS? WHO?!?
RT It was always platform engineering. I suspect the fact that we’re so eager to “kill” devops is that we’re still treating Ops w…
On the morning before flying out of NOLA, it's probably good that I'm just now finding the 24hr tavern with tacos and tots, and 2 for 1 bottles and cans
Boom. Rock on!
Julia, I think you're an amazing person and would love to be around and learn from you more.
Continuous Milk Delivery as a service
I infrastructure as code, do you?
"Stumpy's" as the name for an axe throwing place where we are doing a team building activity is brilliant
Any of my #a11y friends seen this before? (h/t and anyone else I missed?)
If you can find "Better Off Ted" do it.
#soon
Gonna be a good evening
Found natural spot in New Orleans, "Irish day care*
Oh we already have front row tickets for tonight
Yum.
NOT HELPFUL! WHAT'S THE NUMBER?!?!?
RT Jury awards plaintiffs --Sandy Hook victims whom Alex Jones defamed--against of nearly 1 BILLION $. He will try to duck i…
New Orleans Shrimp and Grits with the team!
He fucked around, and found out
"Excuse me, have you heard about our lord and savior Kubernetes?"
Today's Image of the Day: Greetings from the Cupola -
Sean is a loser and a fanboy
Ugh! I forgot to take mine
That vanishing act you perform at the end is almost as good!
RT this month's redmonk's newsletter has an olympian theme natch. great stuff from our very own
RT While the well-established ways of building #PostgreSQL from source still work, there are many new options on Linux as well. T…
FFS... Looking back through some specific tweets and replies and finding posts I know I liked across many different people that are no longer marked as such. And I feel weird liking them again after all this time, some going back 5 years...
Read this book this weekend during my mountain retreat after recommendation, and it's so fucking good. So well written, and draws on so much of our current reality and recent history that it's hard to not think of it as "non-fiction". 10/10
RT August is the Sunday of months.
I met a lot of great people there last year when I went during Kubecon EU Amsterdam! I hope someone steps up and brings it back!
Ohh! I met a lot of great people there last year! I hope someone steps up and brings it back!
RT Kubernetes v1.31: Elli is live! Read the release blog here: Huge congratulations to the Relea…
Oh hell yeah! I gotta make it happen finally!
RT It's time for to return in-person for a full day of core skills talks and discussion. Submit a talk for our conf…
Leadville, Colorado area. Two more nights (counting tonight) of hiking and relaxation, alone.
We had one at Auth0 (part of the Ambassador program iirc) &amp; it was pretty good (they received $ for posts, and points towards other things like swag), and then at CircleCI the content team had one that worked well for things that weren’t highly technical (received $ for posts).
Me for the next few days. See y'all on the flip side.
So sorry for your loss Nathen 😢
Oh absolutely, 100% agree. The first option (work with maintainers, get involved, etc) used to be the default, and then "well you can always fork it" became the default, to the detriment of open source in (dare I say) most cases. I'll keep ADHD forking though 😜🐿️🤘
Yay!! 🎉 Congratulations!!!
Happy Birthday to my good friend, and culinary fiend,
RT Do I know anyone who would be interested in a Principal Engineering role at Google that focuses on data products and AI securit…
RT alias journalctl='journalctl --no-page' is the first thing I do on systems with journalctl
He secretly wanted it
I'm there Sunday-Friday, so something Tuesday sounds great.
When you got that beard.... ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
James. You're brilliant.
Keep going...
I did in fact just catch the end that shows Steam... So... This should be interesting
This could be fun! I have an HTC Vive though...
RT DevRelCon Tokyo won't be happening in 2023. That's because on March 10th and 11th DevRelCon Yokahama will be taking its pla…
It hasn't been posted separately yet, but here is the start location from the livestream
YAML is payback for XML
I was sure i saw her grab the horns and hold them away as she fell but rewatching it does seem like it was reactive afterwards
RT might be a nuclear take, but I’d wager more harm is done by devs who love to code &amp; treat their job like a hobby (where the…
Even with all the hysterical screaming for no reason, she did a good job grabbing the horns before he could gore her... And then continued screaming while standing still.
RT Someone is shining some amazing lights on the Russian Embassy in Washington, DC tonight
So sorry Jessica. 🫂💙😢
RT Have anxiety about whether you can build growth and traction in your community? Here are 3 quick tips… 🤘
Today's Image of the Day: Sun Rings in New Month with Strong Flare -
RT Insecure arrogance: "I have all the answers. Only I can fix it." Confident humility: "I have many questions. We need to st…
I was in a bar in New Orleans watching the 4th quarter, and when they showed the replay, LEGIT the whole bar erupted in laughter as those two receivers ran into each other.
An amazing talk that I've had the privilege of seeing twice from and
The Kaw nation (also called the Kansa or Kanza) were primarily in my area, with many being forcibly relocated here like the Shawnee
Be careful Chris, Busch is what Tim drinks.
Yes, but that doesn't mean I vouch for Tim on these excursions... I usually charge him, so make sure he pays up.
Try shopping elsewhere?
That I left that world decades ago? 😜🤣
I'm so sorry Chris in advance
Same.
Fuck Columbus. #HappyIndigenousPeoplesDay
RT I used to think adulthood was one crisis after another. I was wrong. Multiple crises. Concurrently. All at once. All the…
This is not ok. This is why Hilary Clinton rightfully called TFG supporters "deplorables". Just fucking take the L here and don't act like a fucking 2yo and throw your drink. Props to for handling it like a pro.
RT Although he deserves some criticism, we shouldn’t overlook the fact that Herschel Walker was one of Planned Parenthood’…
OH: I, as any good Millennial white woman, have a fascination with true crime podcasts
Relatively... It's taken by DevRel and Community professionals, so at least it's targeted but not sure on the methodology to be honest
Gonna need to spend some time going through this report
I mean, is it good scientific info? Yes. But what’s the purpose? To educate, or to “well, actually….” a FUCKING MOVIE?
This brings so much joy and happiness (and tears) seeing this video of them together again... And this pic 😭❤️🔥 #MichaelJFox #ChristopherLloyd #BackToTheFuture
RT Being a former so-and-so does not make you above the law. Hell, being a current so-and-so does not make you above the la…
Ahh, yes. I remember watching that as a kid, liking it, but also wondering why it went on and on. As an adult and watching it with my kids, I realized how sexualized it was 🤯
RT Natalie Maines at the Woodlands Pavilion picks out a person who booed when the Chicks announced their support for Beto. “Let…
RT Weird how all these “free, independent thinkers” always land at the same old anti blackness and anti semitism.
RT 📣 Continuous Delivery Summit Program is ready! #CDSummit October 25, Detroit, MI Co-located with + CloudNati…
This video is pure genius
RT I don’t care if you’re off your meds, there is no excuse for Antisemitism. Ever. Period.
Ahh, yeah. YouTube, Twitch, Twitter.. The usual suspects.
That would be hands down
Sounds like the classic "chicken before the egg" scenario
RT The operative word here is “purely” Your program will also fail if you feel you are above doing things connected to pipe…
I'm sure would love to hear about your experiences with that
The reality is that everything (at some point) comes down to ROI on money spent in DevRel and Community. The trick is positioning that conversation when (and where) it needs to be had, on your terms.
I feel David is on to something here for community confs, like The biggest challenge will always be those sponsoring being able to provide valuable ROI as to why they spend X amount. There are quantifiable &amp; qualitisable ™️ (my word) ways, but harder at these events.
Looks more like Snoke
Starting Sunday morning right in New Orleans with a mimosa and beignet strips
And, you know, you don't have to be an ass? But here we are...
Doing it right.
I've been following some of his shift (or at least the public one) for awhile now, but just was made aware of this tweet.
Narrator: And with that one brilliant statement, the Evangelical hivemind exploded. 👏👏👏👏
Oh he's quite a surprise. His YouTube series has touched on racism, abortion, and other topics that the Evangelicals are bonkers on, and his views are definitely more liberal than conservative.
RT 🫠
Raising Arizona is a spectacularly amazing movie, and as a 7yr old they're well on their way to success
Sharat. I will slap you at Connect Tech.
Like this is an amazing idea, and I too want it
Well, it depends
RT If you believe the last election wasn’t stolen, don’t vote for someone who says the last election was stolen just because…
Oh I had forgotten about that one! I love it!
RT A Fleetwood Mac album and a Taco Bell Party Pack, in my experience.
The background music for this is :chefsKiss:
Gonna be a great time for sure
That is the only acceptable location for any code that I produce
"Have you ever had the tacos in LA?"
Our sunflowers this year decided they were going to cross pollinate with a beanstalk, and grew to be 4in thick at the bottom and 12ft+ tall.
RT They don't want you to know the truth
If you can see the bottom of your glass, then it is not a stout.
Totally prepared for the splatter of digits off your invoice
Wait, wait... You're supposed to deploy them?
"Mine is 2400 baud, what's yours?"
It is of course showing up for the first meeting about your AWS bill
All of the rest made me giggle, but this one made me laugh out loud in this bar. 🤣🇺🇦🎉
Republicans hate handouts unless they can claim them as their own or they (and big business) benefit from them
"The Count gave up counting all your containers Daddy, and Big Bird said Kubernetes was bad for you."
Austin, I knew you were my spirit animal from the moment we met
Amateur
Yeah fucking idiots
Yes, yes ofc
Hmm, yes... That brings back some memories...
The haka always is inspirational whenever I see it, but this is by far the most powerful, most amazing, and most emotional one I have ever seen, bringing tears to my eyes. A must watch.
RT Good morning
That is certainly one path lol
In before the GOP claims Antifa
On a non-score bet.. what would this be exactly?
Yep, it's glorious!
Got a bit to catch up on, but this is looking really good so far #thedoctor #doctorwho
TIL you have opinions.
Just give it time Matty. You'll have another reason to almost block Sean 🤣😂
Bischoff cookies are just so good, aren't they?
RT The bridge, the bridge, the bridge is on fire. We don’t need no water let the motherfucker burn. Burn motherfucker, burn.
It's the bots Corey.
Glory to Ukraine! 🇺🇦
It is how most startups get funding... And those that magically mix "save the world", "kubernetes", and "on the Blockchain" in their pitches get the best funding
I make right choices
Could have told you...
After 2 yrs, 7 months, and 14 days I will finally be getting (most of) my team at CircleCI together for an off-site in New Orleans this next week. I've seen most of them individually, but it's powerful being able to all be in one place.
Pretty shitty that they couldn't go through the effort of using an actual bear, or at least use Photoshop.
Brilliant ending quote, "I didn't know there were that many Socialist Republicans"
Just in case people think that I just have bad luck with Lyft... My taxi to the Portland Maine airport went the opposite direction, even as Google was screaming "Go right" and "Make a U-turn". His response, "Do you know where it is?" Me: Uh, Google is trying to tell you.
RT Great week for Mystery Inc.! First Velma is comfortable enough to come out of the closet, now Shaggy and Scooby finally ge…
RT Say it.
All of this. #Monktoberfest touches something deep inside that fills me with joy, and I'm so grateful it happened this year
. is a spineless, feckless, Russian shill who needs to be removed from Congress
RT I found it. The worst game of fuck marry kill.
OH: His specialty is palm trees
Dude, I hope to see you at a future #Monktoberfest
I love all my suitcases
Miss you Sasha
This is a chant I can't get around
RT What Joe Biden did today with marijuana possession is going to lead to a massive expansion in the number of jam bands.…
Gonna get a lobster roll "snack" at Highroller later
RT "Mentorship, And Starting Civilization From Scratch" by shares wisdom gathered from around the Twitterverse on the…
Great post-#Monktoberfest lunch with this crew!
RT "we are responsible for limiting the blast radius of our assholeness" - #monktoberfest funny - was talking to…
RT Such great advice from #monktoberfest
RT "You can't 'prodigy' your way into an operating system, as it turns out." - at #Monktoberfest
An instant classic
Hot damn this is so good.... Thank you
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s SpaceX Crew-5 Mission Casts Long Exposure Light Beam -
Let's do this! Get your tickets and join me and so many others!
Beth's insight proves she needs to give this talk. Amazing!
RT Normalize "I have no idea WTF i'm doing" - discussing mentorship #Monktoberfest
RT So much goodness in #monktoberfest talk (medieval French apprenticeships, mentorship vs. coaching, and eve…
RT Day 2 of #Monktoberfest starts with of CircleCI w/a talk about mentorship &amp; restarting society from scratch.…
RT 🍺 Great start to Day 2 of #monktoberfest with What would we do if everything we have stopped working and we…
RT #Monktoberfest The pandemic is not the apocalypse we expected, but it’s the one we got.
RT #Monktoberfest What if everything as we know it stopped working and we had to start over, could we do it?
I'm sad to say that's been in my Watch List on Netflix for too long. Something I intend to remedy soon.
RT kicking off day 2! #monktoberfest
RT One show: Revolution. There’s no electricity; we reuse Prius husks as gardens. #Monktoberfest
RT First up: talks Mentorship, And Restarting Civilization From Scratch.
David knows me so well... I'm a tire fire just waiting to happen
Hah yes I have old Linux, MySQL, MS Access, and SQL DBA waiting to actually be used
RT "Does anyone else ever think about what would happen if everything just stopped working and we had to start from what we had?…
RT day 2. kicking off with
RT the value and importance of the oral tradition. quite an appropriate topic for this event.
Would anyone notice?
Hah I had quite the same feeling!
RT A federal judge has ruled that changes Postmaster General Louis DeJoy made to the US Postal Service, before the 2020 e…
If you mean running to catch sessions, Lyft's, and the snack table before they close it down, ME.
Shane, you're an awesome person and I'm so grateful to have met you in person!
RT As I’ve said before, no one should be in jail just for using or possessing marijuana. Today, I’m taking steps to end our failed…
I love bacon, and have had more than my fair share, but I never knew I was missing this in my life. Until now.
Mat. 👏👏
They're using Twitter Blue to test it all out first as a beta feature likely before rolling it out to a broader audience
Exit code 0
With Day 1 of #Monktoberfest behind me, and Day 2 approaching, the imposter syndrome has never been stronger
Welcome to the blue side! It looks great!
Everyone editing their tweets all at once
Sushi... At a conference. Thank you #Monktoberfest
#Monktoberfest upping the game again for conference food and drinks
Ahh this makes the most sense actually.
Yeah, I do agree. I do like the way they implemented it, making it transparent what happened.
No, I didn't. I have thought about it - but meh. I just bought it outright
Nice. It's actually implemented correctly (IMNSHO) because you can click that and see all the edits I have made
=) And it's actually implemented nicely because you can click that and see all the edits I have made
So a non-logged in view of that tweet clearly shows that it was edited and when, and when you click that link it shows the edit history. THIS IS HOW YOU CORRECTLY IMPLEMENT THIS FEATURE!!!!!
I got my edit edit edit... I got my edit edit edit
So I have the edit button.. Does anyone see this image in their view of the below tweet?
Edit-y edit edit edit
Blurb blurbity blurb blurb blurb
I left it at the venue and will have to return tomorrow. Please hold.
You're gonna make me try this tomorrow, aren't you?
There is 's which actually looks to have some promise as an alternative platform
Oooh... Great analysis. I wonder if it's a Seattle Dog?
RT Big move here on marijuana: Biden takes steps to decriminalize pot at federal level, indicating he will pardon all prior federa…
This talk from at #Monktoberfest on personal failure is so damn good.
Ahh, yeah an upgrade is in order
I've loved my Pixel 6 and 6 Pro
They're shipping out next week!
RT Hacker starter pack: circumnavigating parental controls. Relatable. #monktoberfest
A Pixel 7 Pro in Snow will be mine. Next week. That's it. That's the tweet. #Pixel7Pro
I have questions about this candy from .. primarily, is this a Chicago-style or New York-style hotdog ?
A few ways to deal with this "always say yes" mentality, are - stop doing thankless work - consider a year of NO - create and stick to your goals and boundaries - never stop communicating via at #monktoberfest
Avoid the traps that are easy to fall into, which position yourself as the one to get the job done, thus propelling yourself down the guilt trip pipeline
Define "unnecessarily"? I've forked many projects based on my 25+ domain names because I'm eventually going to do something with them. I promise. Also, I didn't know this was a service I could pay for. /subscribe
Now this is extremely helpful!
¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯
I'll bring my acoustic and we can serenade them with covers
I guess we will drink our sorrows away together
Quite literally it seems
This fucking sucks... Was finally going to be able to see Blink after all these years, especially given it's likely "One Last Time". Hope Tom gets better soon, and they're able to reschedule.
OH: I have better bladder control when I'm around you
RT The Harris campaign figures out how to wound Trump’s ego. His greatest asset has been his greatest liability. THREAD
Exactly. The worse we are, the more fun we have.
RT Oops! Yesterday was the 6th of August! Hey US people, please remember to check your voter registration every 6th betw…
You’ve earned it Tierney! I’ve seen your growth over the years, and I am so extremely proud of you.
RT The OpenSSF's Research explores the key gaps in open source security training and awareness. Read the full report: h…
Should've done something but I've done it enough by the way your hands were shaking, rather waste some time with you. Should've said something but I've said it enough by the way my words were faded, rather waste some time with you. Rather waste some time with you
Glad to see you're endorsing #HarrisWalz2024 !!
Definitely 🇲🇦 Noussair Mazraoui with his versatility at RWB and LWB
Enjoy! I did this myself in Scotland and it ended up fine, after a couple "moments". Also supremely jealous right now.
RT Thank you and Newsome…
Love the title, and it being "fiction". I'm in!
Some valuable things to setting yourself up for success. - gain mgr support - tell coworkers and peers for support - acknowledge that people will be upset - acknowledge pulls on your time - via at #monktoberfest
Reaching burnout shouldn't be the only trigger for saying, "No", or making a change. -via at #Monktoberfest
After lunch it's talking about feelings at #Monktoberfest
Today's Image of the Day: Solid Science from Serena Auñón-Chancellor -
Luckily he was in the back, so we will have to review the videos 🤣😂
/me searches for the nearest Blink-182 concert coming up
Not if this thread is any indication...
This is Tim... "Off by a mile as a service" is his speciality
RT It’s still an amazing conference even if you don’t drink beer folks. #monktoberfest22
RT I thought was going to talk about acid rock drainage at #Monktoberfest, he is an EPA scientist after al…
It’s important for us to remember that there are some things which need to be dealt with in #opensource *Transparency no longer a core tenet *Glue work not always recognized *Narratives are incomplete, limited representation - via / at #Monktoberfest
As Billy Cat Joel says, we didn’t start the #opensource fire, but when we are gone it will still go on, and on, and on, and on…..
Time for everyone’s favourite topic… “open source and commercial licenses” 😄 The managed services move on #opensource by companies created challenges for the companies/communities who created the software but… perfectly legal - via / at #Monktoberfest
The “left-pad” npm registry issue emphasised how dependent systems were on #opensource and put a bright spotlight into npm development philosophy and supply chain complexity - via / at #Monktoberfest
Heartbleed’s arrival in 2014 (and eventual disclosure in 2016) exposed the flaws that were inherent in how systems were interconnected and opened up the issues with how #opensource generally operated with critical software - via / at #Monktoberfest
The impact of the Morris Worm in Nov 1988 had a number of important impacts and changes on #opensource - via / at #Monktoberfest
Open source is a sociotechnical system, and we can’t get around that. It’s most important when things happen which fundamentally disrupt the ecosystem, which they call “black swan” events, and you have to look at them in context - via / at #Monktoberfest
Kicking us off at #Monktoberfest is and with “Remember when we broke the Internet?”, a great talk on open source, with some great ground rules on what open source _must_ be/do
This year the venue is at Halo at the Point
Ready for Day 1 of #Monktoberfest at an amazing venue! And if you're looking for coffee, there's an amazing coffee shop at the other end of this building called Rwanda Bean Company that you should check out!
A tablecloth
See ya soon
David, where are you?
It is.
Yeah never understood that
Every year there are a limited number of tickets available
Takes one to know one
Viking blood mead, 6oz, 19% ABV at #Oktoberfest #Monktoberfest
OH: How big a brain is too big to eat?
OH: It was the charcuterie togas
Matty. Now I'm craving one like I've craved nothing else.
This is a really bad idea
Doin what I do
The Exodus to the #Monktoberfest cruise has begun
Really looking forward to this event! Come join me!
Yes. Yes they are.
I learned from the best 🦞,
This. The correct answer.
Allergic to DevOps platforms?
Just landing in Portland for #Monktoberfest... Gonna drop my bags and then find some lobster rolls if anyone is around
Tell me more about these donuts? 😜
RT I am once again asking you to send your ops/SRE practitioners to conferences and not just your developers and leadership.
Welcome to 625G (5G⁴)
David, not HAVING a strategy IS a strategy
But... Have you heard about DevRel on the Blockchain?
See? We HAVE better cookies
Repeat after me....
I am having all sorts of giggling fits over images of this happening.
Instagram, right?
And? 😜🤣 The community _literally_ comes to you.
That usually brings extra searches and questions, especially when you have a solid brick of stickers in your bag
Lol it's ok. The dark side has better cookies, budget, and event support structure.
Slacker. I avoid those and instead just make statements like "DevRel better figure out soon that they're sales and marketing" 😜
RT If you think your team members are going to abuse healthy workplace policies (like WFH or 4-day workweeks), you either have a…
Cannot wait! Been literally 6mo since we have shared food or drink, much less a hug.
Nice! Looking forward to it Matt!
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Nicole Mann Trains in T-38 -
Laura again nails this analysis of #DevRel strategy!
RT Leave Ron Desantis
Yum! Now I'm hungry and thirsty!
Hah!
Yes! Bringing any Tufts lacrosse players with you? 🤣
Once a mouth brush until it's a toilet brush
I feel seen 💙
What a rollercoaster
So frickin excited! Can't believe it's been 3 years since the last one!
Hey maybe they really want to deep clean their seats
Woohoo!
Really hard to find the error in this
I've never seen a long Clear line! Can't wait for our new airport (never thought I would say that) as we will have Clear there.
RT Ketanji Brown Jackson is giving a mini history lesson on the 14th Amendment, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, and the nee…
Wow! It's been awhile! Look forward to catching up again.
Because, of course it should be!
My bags are packed, COVID-19 test negative and submitted, boarding the plane, #Monktoberfest here I come! Who all am I gonna see there?
RT For decades, conservatives have twisted the 14th Amendment for their own aims. Today at the Supreme Court, Justice Ke…
They did a better job as a search engine
DevOps at its core is tool-agnostic. Anything that purports itself to be all-encompassing is selling you a bill of goods. You can't buy anything off the shelf that is going to 100% handle 100% of your needs. There will always be sacrifices you make.
A nice timeline cleanse on this Hump Day Eve
Goaltending
RT people say “Lord of the Rings has gone woke” but *Tolkien himself* had a woman secretly dressed in battle array whip of…
I have no property in this fight, but I did "laugh: hard;"
Don't sleep on this opportunity to work with an amazing human, and a fantastic #DevRel practitioner and leader! If you're in London, jump on it!
This who amicus brief is amazing and brilliant from
Today's Image of the Day: Staring Into the Hurricane's Eye -
RT Elon who owned your Daddy's emerald mine in 1783?
Oh I agree totally.
Hi friends!!
That's a lot of chosen violence on a Monday evening. Also, why?
Congrats! That's awesome! 🎉💯🔥
Came across this on reddit today about "a few simple jazz chords" 🤣😂😭... And after playing guitar for over 32 years, I feel like this often
You are correct.
Such noobs... /home/jerdog/www/home.htm was where it was at, with a nice ~/cgi-bin folder to round it all out
RT Anti-vaxxers are slamming Pres. Biden because he personally thanked a Coast Guardsman for his rescue efforts during Hurricane…
Today's Image of the Day: DART’s Penultimate View -
There's a new Tweetdeck? They discontinued it months ago, and now brought it back?
The CFP for #SCaLE20x is open!
RT New blog post. Who dis? Shout out to timeline feature for saving my butt by restoring files that weren't being t…
Thanks! Will check with the team responsible for that!
Absolutely would come.
RT Want to get involved in #Hacktoberfest and make a contribution to #opensource? Check out these 7⃣ projects on
RT Remember DevRel != Developer Advocate's. There are so many amazing people in DevRel who aren't advocates. So many ways…
Ahh I appreciate that
Yeah, I've come to believe that these are better with friend groups and not teams for this reason
I won't be, both of mine got declined. ಠ⁠_⁠ಠ¯⁠ \⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
RT DevOps engineer explaining why we need to use Kubernetes
RT Here is a clip of Lizzo playing a 200-year-old flute in the library of congress. A beautiful performance from a well-t…
We all took a nap
These should be the default from organizers. This thread is so sad, and FFS men... Grow the fuck up and stop this behavior.
RT Code signing is a critical method of hardening security when building applications. Learn how you can automate the process…
RT “Most developers go to open source to find solutions, not to fix problems” - #devopsdays
Todd, reach out any time. Happy to help you any way I can, and you're already doing a lot of it!
So jealous! Looks like a great time and event!
It was great to be at my first &amp; I really hoped to see another day of amazing talks, but I need to head home early to avoid any delays tomorrow with Ian. I will be back to #DevOpsDaysBUF again though! Thanks to all who made it a great event &amp; thanks for having me!
Say no to drugs kids
Proud of you diversifying your food
Thanks to the organizers at for having me, and thank you to the attendees and all who interacted with and had questions afterwards. As I mentioned, here are my slides:
To get more info, check out the original whitepaper at and code at - via at #devopsdaysBUF
The final state for Aurae is extremely extensible, along with some standard libraries written in Rust - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Aurae is a replacement for systemd at pid 1 with the core purpose of simplifying the stack, running directly on the node with all the cncf platform goodies out of the box - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Building blocks at the platform core gives us some steps and the elements we put in the sidecars, and then we question the core services and bake them in the node... Which brings us to what Nova has been working on to address these issues: Aurae - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Looking at different examples like where we currently stand and how systemd is, and we simplified things, we could go get to a simpler infra (3rd image) - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Today's Image of the Day: Neptune Shows Off Its Rings in Near-Infrared Light -
Start looking at the node in Kubernetes as the place to start and reimagine and give ourselves some paradigms and foundations to address the bigger concerns and complexity - via at #devopsdaysBUF
The complexity of kubernetes is just like C++... So then what is Go in that analogy? Where would be - via at #devopsdaysBUF
How we are working is what is causing us to stay in the same routine of Platform and Infrastructure Drift - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Platform and Infrastructure Drift is where we see things going/happening. What we want to do does not often translate to what we often work with, and then find ourselves as a Platform Operator - via at #devopsdaysBUF
An analysis after years of involvement in the kubernetes ecosystem has brought about some good observations - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Building kubernetes is an organic journey with different iterations of people, groups, processes, etc. It takes us layering these things has helped us understand how complex we are making things - via at #devopsdaysBUF
The high level list of things you have to care about with your kubernetes implementation is a LOT when you're just trying to solve the 9 basic things (aka the Nova9) - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Typically you see this level of complexity in running just one of those 9 things required for platform engineering. Somewhere along the way we think this is the best way of doing things with kubernetes, along with sidecars, hoping for the best - via at #devopsdaysBUF
The reality that we typically see in infrastructure is that you're never gonna get all of these done - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Next up is talking about Platform Infrastructure at #devopsdaysBUF
If you have a plan to satisfy these core elements of infrastructure, you're in a great place - via at #devopsdaysBUF
Next up is talking about Platform Infrastructure at #devopsdaysBUF
Languages like #ruby, #perl, and #php helped bring regular users into the open source ecosystem - via at #DevOpsDaysBUF
#GNU played a valuable part in the advancement of #opensource and the ability to use languages across platforms and environments - via at #DevOpsDaysBUF
Contrary to popular belief, this is not but likely was taken in Buffalo, complete with the wood paneling in the basement #devopsdaysBUF
Now it's setting expectations on his talk about Open Source and how it isn't what it used to be
Now it's setting expectations on his talk about Open Source and how it isn't what it used to be
Great thread on Coolio #RIPCoolio
RT Wow. This is an incredible takedown of Republicans trying to tank health care for veterans by including an abortion ban.…
TIL about GiHub's code owners feature during the Q&amp;A portion of talk at #DevOpsDaysBUF #devopsdays #Bflo
Today at 130p ET I'm speaking today at on Mentorship, and rebuilding civilisation from scratch! I'll also have stickers if you want, so make sure to hit me up! #devopsdaysbuf #devopsdays #bflo
The MC for #DevOpsDaysBuf is the awesome and they're kicking things off! Let's GO!
Have you heard of our lord and savior ?
RT If any of James Madison's descendants is offended by Lizzo wants to try out the 200 year old Iron Collar white folks would aff…
RT BIG ANNOUNCEMENT! All 25+ Workshops for Modern Frontends Live! are now available for booking. Check them out below!…
I'm reminded of the closing chapter in Dave's book (a MUST read - where he opens his heart about his band mates, and there's an apt paragraph about #TaylorHawkins . I finished this book 2-3 days before his death, and it still brings tears to my eyes.
"Taylor, this one's for you." 😢😥🫂 #TaylorHawkins
Just over here being all emotional with these videos from last night's #TaylorHawkins Tribute concert...
RT BREAKING: Biden sending Ben Shapiro to Florida to dry up all the moisture.
RT White people freaking out over Lizzo playing a slaver’s flute is my favorite Twitter right now.
Will be interesting to see how those turn out since they're in ball form
Just wait. Google will change the rules soon.
Just arrived in Buffalo for my first Can't wait to connect with everyone, and I have STICKERS!! Catch me over the next few days, and I'll make sure to sate your sticker desires!
RT I'm chatting with the delightful Ron Powell from about their 2022 State of Software Delivery Report. Catch us at…
That is the point.
Nah, the Remarkable 2 is cheaper and likely better given time in the market
Fuck the NRA and the GOP who have enabled this organization to inflict this horror on our kids and our nation.
RT TRANS AND NONBINARY STUDENTS BELONG. TRANS AND NONBINARY STUDENTS BELONG. TRANS AND NONBINARY STUDENTS BELONG. TRANS AND NONBIN…
RT When the hurricane hits Florida, federal aid will flow into help — paid for by tax dollars from Americans across the country…
Hmm, well I stopped subjecting myself to torture years ago, so I'll take whatever I can get
Today's Image of the Day: Ellen Ochoa Suits Up -
Yesssss!
Looking forward to seeing you both!
I've been to Auschwitz 4 times and I get this same reaction every time I think about it or see some media around it.
RT Wondering why developer experience is important? New developers are defaulting to online learning these days. If you aren’t…
Holy crap... Midway airport is soo nice and easy compared to the hellscape that is O'Hare. Didn't know flew in/out of MDW until recently, but this was amazingly simple.
That's a good selection for sure!
Right? That gave me a little giggle
He can set my record straight anytime. Wait. This is on main, isn't it...?
It runs on TMobile if I recall correctly and is really quite good for the money
Well that explains everything then! #Deadpool3 #Wolverine
At least they let him finish
Just gonna throw this out there, but if you don't want to be labeled as such, maybe don't do the things? ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
RT Stop saying the documents were "seized." That implies they belonged to Trump. They were RECOVERED -- they were and are t…
Honored to be given one of the limited edition 25th anniversary JAVA coins by at #jconfdev
Dude... So jealous you got to go
Bingo. You win.
All I need is 2 turntables in a microphone
I am 100% a big fan of and their standing desks
👏👏
Ahh, good thoughts you both. Thank you.
It's the bestest
Love the new features you're talking about for v4! Gonna ask the same question that's been asked so many times.... What about an Android version?
That could be a fun take
Should have included the link so you too can grab some
Yeah, I’ve read them all (except for the latest Silva). They’re definitely a good read.
The spreadsheet is coming together, but I need some suggestions for books and albums. I am pretty open on albums (no country), and for books I’m looking for: - lighthearted sci-fi and/or fantasy, - inspirational non-fiction, - comic relief, and/or - good mental health reading
It starts with the Cybershit, then a terrible MAGAt wrap, and finishes with the rapey felon. Fuck no.
Such a great choice for VP!!!! LFG!
Absolutely love ‘s pick of !!!! #HarrisWalz2024
Something to be said for consistency, and something something "tiger can't change his stripes"
Neither did I..... The similarities (other than the lightweight, and other things) are uncanny
And you're not even done with your first glass and you're already shitfaced? Geez...
Oh didn't you know that "shitfaced lightweight" was his nickname in high school?
Yessss?
Where there's a where there's a way
Yup. So amazingly ecstatic and giddy right now
Or making sure your slides are accessible with proper contrast. Dark backgrounds are great with proper contrasting colors to reduce strain.
Yeah it did.
I am just plain fracking giddy right now.
He loves providing discounts
HOLY. FUCKING. SHIT... This better be real! #Deadpool3 #DeadpoolWolverineMovie
I love it when DevOps goes on sale!
Today's Image of the Day: DART Team Celebrates Successful Collision -
Thank you to those who came to my talk at #JConfDev. As promised, here are the slides, and I look forward to seeing you all next year!
Nope.
Wow! This is amazing!
Just Val doing Val things! 🔥🎉
A speaker comedy session, complete with hecklers people getting up to use the bathroom
I would pay to see this btw
Oooohh.. this is excellent and should be a nice upgrade for those of us that already enjoy having them as a Partner airline with Delta (h/t )
Being hypocritical and tone deaf is seemingly the new requirement for the GOP and its followers
Glad you're happy about it and not... ambivalent.
RT If you would like to donate towards funds for firewood at George Floyd Square, you can donate to me with a note of 🔥and I…
Because you're nothing without your back! Proper form people!
At first, I was like "That's not Val speaking!" and then I realized it was an oddly placed banner ad.
If you're at #jconfdev, come see my talk at 1115a about the hidden mysteries of #DevOps and the transformative power of #cicd. We'll laugh (I'll show you where to buy DevOps) and we'll cry (Visual SourceSafe anyone?), but we'll do it together (with individual tissues of course).
Ready for the first in-person !! Let's go!
RT What we learned from COVID? That oil is worthless in a society without consumption. That healthcare has to be public because…
They're gonna get you
Yikes!
Yeah, it is a good cover, but I think the original is better
So good
No context street sign. Be careful out there.
The original is great, and the cover by AAF is really good too
Right? It's so good. Legit watched 4 times already
That's not a thing
The greatest short-lived Twitter account
I get in the 23rd, gonna eat all the pizza
Traveling
Farrah is always thinking about her community first, and gives so much to make sure they have what _they_ need to be successful.
Yep! I'll be there all week!
Holy crap... This is spine-tinglingly amazing! I'm not Welsh, but I feel the emotion stirring inside me! Just watch and feel it too.
YESSSSS! Congrats Farrah!! That's amazing, and so well-deserved!
Sessionize really is the gold standard, with Papercall a distant second. The issue with Papercall is it consistently has issues with email, where people don't get notified (and it's not that the organizers didn't send anything).
See, it's confusing
I don't know, but now I'm thinking about tacos and salads
Today's Image of the Day: Golden DART’s Galactic Unboxing -
Nah, gotta bring your own
Brilliant quick message from Buttigieg on Desantis and his political stunt
That's legit what I was thinking too... 🤔
Does it go on tacos? Or a salad?
AS/400 for life
Yeah, it was such a good movie, and that deep cut worked so well
Or hipster street tacos
See, that wasn't so hard, was it? 😜
Thanks to my hotel, I will be smelling like a herb garden for the next few days
Which of course is followed by ", and kubernetes is extensible for all our use cases."
RT Since I’m going to be unemployed from Friday, I want to dedicate my time to helping you with DevOps, IaC, and Kubernetes. Le…
Aww, I recognize that terminal! We really should coordinate to meet up sometime, somewhere.
David really needed to put a content warning on that photo. If you're being guided towards shit without your agreement, and need help finding actual coffee, nod your head twice.
Mmmk
Just need to get some inflation going on there Chris. And that's definitely a bug, not a feature.
Yes, so good!
Yes, please make this happen for me.
Why are white people and food? 🤮
This thread is 100% spot on.
In less than 2 weeks I will be in Portland, ME and will be enjoying not a few lobster rolls
Agreed, though those are pretty amazing things too
This 🧵is spot on
Taking the train to Chicago for #jsconfdev and I'm reminded about the ridiculous state of the American train system.
Thanks to the organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and speakers who helped put on an amazing #StrangeLoop, my first. Make sure you get your ticket soon for the final Strange Loop next year!
Nice to know why never served
RT The motivation behind SpacesCon is to give folks an opportunity try public speaking in a low-pressure environment. If…
Therapy, Tim. Therapy.
Yeah need to do my Frontends ticket too
This you?
Oh, NOW you choose violence?
This is unacceptable behavior, and I hope the deals with it.
Find the slides from this great talk below
Such a good puppers
Sunday roast sounds amazing
Shine on, shine on, shine on
Solid tweet
Now I know what costume I'm showing up in when I see you next PJ
And let's not forget his other classic, "Boogie in Your Butt"!!
Personally, I wasn't really terrified... Just completely dumbfounded at all that was occurring.
JFK is getting a nice makeover as well! The Delta terminal is awesome and evokes the same "This is JFK?" response
It's probably ok that it happened that way. Lyft's don't pick you up in the airport to take you around the corner.
My apologies... The correct designation is LGA
NYC
RT Senators want to talk about children who have died of fentanyl poisoning, and how we can prevent it from happening. But wh…
RT It has been 4 months. #SayTheirNames #UvaldeStrong
LGA has been redone for the most part, and is great!
Paging some friends at Datadog:
Catching talk at #strangeloop on "Time Travel Debugging JavaScript Applications"
You know what that looks like, huh? All those kids you ignored and let them be sexually abused. You're a disgrace. #GymJordan
This should have been included, but hre is the video about this ( and the link to tell your reps (
Here is the video about this ( and the link to tell your reps (
Depending on when, I could probably be available! I've done this at a few orgs, and it's been an interesting endeavor each time. Feel free to DM or email me.
Tim has a compelling argument
Spicier?
OH: My mother is the mother-in-law Me:
It was an amazing talk!!
It would be easy to believe it as satire if it weren't a regular occurrence at this point
Yes, you are. Joel Osteen is friends with her
It's generally a regular feeling
We'll just live vicariously through you Rich.
I feel like that's just a Twitter Circle?
Thanks... What a mess. Got 2 stars and a nicely worded review
What in the hell did I get into with this Lyft ride? The driver is here in STL from Chicago for a Joyce Meyer (cuckoo!!) conference, has her husband with her, and they're all sorts of crazy, she's rubbing his leg because "it's tight", got lost and almost got into an accident. FFS
Jeez... I know a few of them
That's one more than my current 48
Right? Who closes all their tabs daily?
Or the last 3 years
Again, brilliant from the Court. Making them say, and get in the public record, things that eviscerate TFGs, his allies, and follower's lies.
"No prototypes. Just make the game. Polish as you go. Don't depend on polish happening later. Always maintain constantly shippable code." - at #strangeloop
"We are our own best testing team and should never allow anyone else to experience bugs or see the game crash. Don't waste others' time. Test thoroughly before checking in your code." - at #strangeloop
"As soon as you see a bug, you fix it. Do not continue on. If you don't fix your bugs your new code will be built on a buggy codebase and ensure an unstable foundation." - at #strangeloop
"Use a development system that is superior to your target." - at #strangeloop
"Write your code for this game only - not for a future game. You're going to be writing new code later because you'll be smarter." - at #strangeloop
"Encapsulate functionality to ensure design consistency. This minimizes mistakes and saves design time." - at #strangeloop
During the talk, John shared some of their programming principles at id software, and I got some of them: "Programming is a creative art form based in logic. Every programmer is different and will code differently. It's the output that matters." - at #strangeloop
No source control was used, they communicated w/ each other in the same room, handing each other a floppies when they were done w/ their respective tasks. Eventually moved to a Novell 3.11 file server to copy to, but no VCS until after Quake in 2000! - at #strangeloop
The sheer volume of games created by the small number of devs (&lt;10) at id software is amazing! -via at #strangeloop
Hah, Doom was delayed due to having to pause on development and work on the SuperNES port of Wolfenstein 3D! -via at #strangeloop
Love the stories and the background from on creating se of the earliest games I played, liked Wolfenstein 3D and Wolfenstein 3D:Spear of Destiny
Great insight from on working on "fit, not finish" at #strangeloop
Great references to continue the archaeology and science of #OpenSource - via and at #strangeloop
Some final thoughts on #opensource - transparency no longer core tenet, needs brought in the hidden places - recognize glue work (less visible work) - open source has a cult of personality problem; broaden narratives (via and at #strangeloop)
The commercialization of open source has expanded the managed open-source-as-a-service model for companies, perfectly legal, as well as opening up a schism between the communities due to the shifted tech landscape - via and at #strangeloop
The left-pad npm event really identified the challenges with supply chain, open source maintainers, and npm dependency challenges - via and at #strangeloop
Great points on the impacts that Heartbleed had on open source - via and at #strangeloop
Explaining in song, via "We didn't start the #opensource fire" #strangeloop #brilliant
He is correct
A great level set on #opensource in this talk with and at #strangeloop
. and talking about the times when we broke the internet, looking at the complex systems which have created problems for us #strangeloop
"And here we have incurring the wrath of the #javascript god's" #strangeloop
If we are all honest with ourselves, anything that affects the comfort of your ass negatively impacts everything else. Thus, nothing else matters except your ass.
Really excited for this talk from at #StrangeLoop, talking about "How love music is evolving in a post-pandemic world."
That's what I'm here for...
That's it. That's the tweet.
[1/10] Alright, so I've finally combined the Top 10 things which thoroughly annoy me into one 🧵. You're welcome. Come along on this journey with me. #1- Bathrooms who's toilet paper either breaks into 1 sheet, or only dispenses 1. Like, why? How small are your poops/cheeks?
I'm at #Strangeloop, and if you're hanging around come find me for some great CircleCI stickers, or discuss how you use CI/CD, or both! And thanks to the amazing sponsors ( is one of them) who make this event possible!
I love this for you. If only I was in London, I'd join in!
They "work just fine", but they're all really small and not marked very well, so they get confusing for people on what is what and where is where, contrary to the beauty of them in Europe.
Today's Image of the Day: John W. Young’s Lunar Salute -
Sooo cute!
Sean, all the product in your hair won't help Arse nal hold up to the season long rigors of the Premier League.
Oh this looks interesting at #kubecon! Anyone interested in debating on some topic?
Nice they have a power gauge for the container
Oh, I didn't know it was infrastructure week #GOPHypocrisy
Thank you.
The Court finally asks the question that we've all been wanting to be asked, but in an actual court of law. It's brilliant.
RT If you use Dell infrastructure (servers, storage, etc) and you also use a public cloud or run or want to run cloud-native plat…
Actually heading to STL but will be back on Monday
Yeah, try feeding me air twice and I'll definitely growl at you
Ugh! So sorry to hear that Heidi! Anything you need? Sending hugs and hope you feel better soon!
🌱
What was it saying though? You can't leave us hanging like that!
Thank you to the organizers of and all of the volunteers &amp; sponsors who helped make #DevOpsDays Chicago 2022 an awesome return to in-person. A fantastic lineup of speakers too! I can't wait to see all the ones I missed because I had to leave early for #StrangeLoop
Kansas City will have a top notch airport again! Getting more and more excited!
Absofuckinglutely. Couldn't agree more.
It's brilliant.
Said nobody. Ever.
RT Michael Vick - the most electric quarterback I’ve ever seen — was talked about every day for months and eventually imprison…
Today's Image of the Day: Endeavour Gets a Piggyback Ride -
RT "humans are not good at repetitive tasks!" - #devopsdays
But, it _did_ help you with #DevOpsPartyGames last night. Take the W.
That looks amazing! I legit thought it was really before clicking to view the photo and seeing it's a LEGO build
And his replies are the typical "this isn't a complaint, I'm only illustrating how I was wronged and lost out and all because I'm a white dude and everyone hates us, but I'm not complaining."
You're _LITERALLY_ using a Twitter thread to complain. It's a textbook dictionary example, and I would expect you to know this. Sadly, you only want people off your lawn.
Props to and their commitment to sustainability with biodegradable name badges, which contain wildflower seeds. Just plant the badge after the event for it to live on!
Might have found my "after tech" job
RT A 9-page investigative article about Donald Trump's fraudulent financial schemes in the April 1991 issue of SPY magazine, 3…
RT Thread. Just a reminder that these are humans.
RT So was a ton of fun with and ot…
RT If you legit think something world ending is happening September 24th because Alex Jones said so, please out yourself in m…
I got the combo beef and sausage. Amazeballs.
Solid order
Winning at #Portillos tonight
When you open up the #devopspartygames to the general audience... you get attacked
Coming up at 530p Central Time, join me and for the FIRST in-person DevOps Party Games, coming to you LIVE at and via Twitch at #devopsdays
Today's Image of the Day: Frank Rubio Trains for Spacewalk -
OH: Use kubernetes to train hamsters
You're not wrong... But love you too!
Make sure you submit a CFP for before it closes Nov 15, 2022!!!
It didn't end well... Kinda crappy coffee, but 乁⁠ ⁠˘⁠ ⁠o⁠ ⁠˘⁠ ⁠ㄏ
I got you.
Hopefully in time for #DevOpsPartyGames and karaoke
RT So excited 👏🏻👏🏻 For the next 2 days I'll be graphic recording for 😁 All attendees can grab their complimen…
Dible my mandible why don't you
Or what I'm going to say when I next see you
It's been too long since I've seen this movie #OfficeSpace
Same, I just use a shell case and put stickers on that, and then when it's full, I just take off the shell case and start fresh. The now covered cases make for nice wall coverings.
Same, done this for years. Also makes for nice wall art when you replace them and start fresh
RT ~$5 on Amazon
I'm gonna be going through a few books for sure.
Yeah I've used one. It's not an "only use Yubikey" situation, but a both/and situation. I have multiple options (Yubikey, Passkey, Titan, etc) to make sure I have a backup to the loss potential
CityCube is where is held, and it's quite nice. A lot of spaces to utilize for different conference sizes, but I don't know if it can be split down into smaller or if it's a rent all situation.
RT Nice conference spaces in Berlin? 300 people, one stage, networking area. Open to any recommendations. 💞
OH: "Stop touching my weenus! No means no! Leave my weenus alone!!"
Ahh, quality trolling at its best
💯🫠🥲👇
This is a great story about our next President
When you're all out of ideas... 😂😭
Ah, the classic #ADHD experience where you go to the store specifically for one thing, then ask for a list of other things since you're going to be there already, and you leave the store with everything, plus a couple other things, but not what you actually went to the store for.
Oh yeah, I would rather go to the dentist. And I hate the dentist.
So, ... I really like Auto, but it would be nice if you would respect this option. It never fails that even if this option is disabled, invariably the music will still start playing. This has been an issue for a very long time.
"Megamind" ftw
LET'S GO!! #DevOpsDaysCHI
Great team!
Sadly, no.
I mean you went to bed
OH: She's gonna lose some Twitter followers tonight
OH1: It's fine until the aftertaste OH2: Oh, that's the best part
CTRL-A, DEL
OH: When you got a face for radio that's the only thing you can joke about
OH: It'll come out eventually
OH: It got better when I left
Great way to announce your retirement #GymJordan
Oh, you're retiring and are going to answer for your depravity? #GymJordan
Don't torture yourself Kelly
Love this group of people!!
Sitting with and he's telling me all about the amazingness that is Malört, and I'm all "bleh"
Can't wait to see you again this week
Jessica. Where are MY dinosaur earrings?
Ugh! Safe travels!
A "head of water" is a literal measurement (props to )
Matty and I have dreamed (nightmares are still dreams) about this, the moment we get to host a #devopspartygames LIVE and IN PERSON! I can't wait for Wednesday night!
Alright, so I'm at the Marriott, and need to freshen up. With Sean out for awhile, shall we meet up for dinner after Marino arrives? I'm down for some deep dish pie/casserole, anyone else?
Liquid IV has been a game changer
Ben speaks truth here. #DevRel and #Community are great disciplines, but they do come at a price that is not always visible. Take care of yourself, and know that there are others out there who know how you feel and are there to support you.
Hey I am quite certain I heard you espouse these very words
"We don't have a migration problem in Florida, so I had to go lure some who were in Texas legally to take them to Florida, so I could traffic them elsewhere for my political stunt."
First time _EVER_ I have been on-time, much less EARLY, flying into ORD. Thank you
Oh noes! Sending lots of love and Chatwick! 💙
Must be OKR season. 🤣😂😭
Ugh. Fine.
You should join us tonight wherever we are
Tim, you promised not to tell
Nothing like inflight Wi-Fi to assist
It's an affliction it seems
I'll figure it out! If I can't this week, I'll be back for #jsconfdev next week.
I was doing my best noncommittal ignoring routine. He was nonplussed.
Perfect.
It was a very methodical approach
Are you speaking? If not then yes, let's have a "non-speaker" shindig.
Landing around 245p, assuming the best with ORD. I'm down for some food and drinks after I drop my shit at the Marriott.
Only if !important
Is that like Tailwind?
I'll be heading to !!!!
You never leave it
Right? Evidently he had to give up his morning routine of chicken breakfast sandwich with bacon, cheese, and hollandaise, and a big glass of OJ and he was surprised it was because of the extra acid
Started out with a kiss how did it end up like this...
RT Is anybody else wondering why not a single employee of the two companies involved in trafficking legal immigrants from TX…
Just gonna leave this right here... If you're going to be at you don't wanna miss Wednesday night's event.
RT This is your reminder that the human beings that DeSantis kidnapped were in fact in this country legally. Says a lot abou…
Absolutely, with the Honey Walnut Shrimp being a close second.
RT Every Massachusetts news story
Same. 🫂
Of course. But I also don't care.
My Lyft driver this morning has already touched the following topics and we're only 8min in on a 30min trip to the airport: - His in-laws - Stomach acid - Cost of upcoming summer vacation - Bucky's vs. Wawa
Love it, and can't wait to be there again!
I'll be there tomorrow.... I need some too!
That is interesting. I suggest submitting a support ticket at
Huh, why didn't I know that?
Because XML exists?
Congrats Todd!
DUDE! You're gonna be there? Consider it done!
Coming up next week, Sept 26-28, I'll be speaking in Chicago at about DevOps, its history, and the foundations for building high-performing teams with CI/CD. Come join me and get 20% off your ticket via #jconfdev
Today's Image of the Day: A Stormy Stellar Nursery -
This can sometimes happen if it's been awhile since you authenticated that repo without any changes being made. Going into that Project's settings and choosing "Unfollow Project" and then "Follow Project" from your Dashboard will recreate that link &amp; it should kick off correctly.
This Rwandan coffee from Notion Coffee here in KC (via is _really_ good, and I really recommend it! The strawberry jam notes are really there in the brew.
Well, fine.
RT After spending all night shooting around 600,000 photos of it, I’m thrilled to show you my sharpest Jupiter shot so far…
I still need to finish the last season
And... Where's mine?
You ever find anything Gareth?
No lies found
RT This is the Disney controversy y’all need to be focusing on!! 😵🦁
What a menagerie that would make
Nope, I'm 24+ hrs removed and feeling fine
Booster Triplets! I got mine at the same time!
Todd. Why?
RT I've been thinking a lot about this DeSantis Martha's Vineyard thing, and finally realized why I'm so viscerally scared by i…
Oh absolutely. Every. Single. Time.
💉🦠 x 4 = ✅ #TeamPfizer 💉🤧 ✅ #getyourFluShot
How I feel when I follow some tech tutorials (Source:
Yep! Will see you all!
Everything from at and her free tools for 1:1s and other things at
Geez yeah every community I have ever been a part of has that tipping point, but it's so different based on so many factors
RT Developers: it's a simple feature, users will understand it. Users:
Sadly, there is plenty of source material for this with the GOP
And I saw this in the office today
Very big game changing play
It's essentially an internal CPAP / pacemaker
Thanks Ben. I am having surgery to correct some nasal passage issues so that will help, but won't solve it all, so I'm hopeful the Inspire will.
Interesting, will have to check that out
Oh so sorry Val! 😵 I ain't going anywhere anytime soon.
I tried skipping traveling with my CPAP the last few months, but have had to start taking it over the last few trips (2 weeks straight), &amp; with the next few weeks am having to start packing it &amp; (UGH NO) start checking a bag. Have prided myself on only doing carryon for so long.
Not if I see you first
Asking the real questions here Marc... Waiting for the list, but I'm hoping for time travel/superspeed or regeneration ability
Rubio's frantically searching for some Scripture and sayings of Jesus to justify the cruelty... And falling short of course.
YES!
Oh that is awesome! I can't wait!
Fantastic!
Can't wait!
I've got a number of conferences coming up over the next 3-4 weeks.. who am I seeing at - - - - - -
And I have heard for $23bn
Aww thanks sugar muffin! And yeah, the CPAP has worked, but I hate it and traveling with it sucks, so this is the step to get the implant. Or robothood. Or both?
I'm still stuck on HORRIFIC and NOPE
Been around 10+ years now
Daaaaamn
Yeah, they're the worst
Yeah my CPAP is quiet too, but I travel so much that it's a hindrance, which is why I'm pushing into getting the Inspire implant
I don't recall, it was months ago.
100% agree.. I was hopeful Marino was going to be in Sydney last week at DevOps Talks, but sadly he was not.
Hawt damn that is beautiful
Today's Image of the Day: Michael E. López-Alegría Poses During Spacewalk -
Yeah, the Inspire implant has been around 10+ years it seems
Oh I hope so!
Solid name
Yes. Already did the home test, and "passed" with flying colours meaning I got a CPAP. Insurance insisted on a lab study since they didn't believe mine was as bad as it was before they would approve the Inspire implant.
RT Some of you really believe that Portugal, Spain, France, England, the Netherlands, etc, transported 13 million human bein…
So, Ansible?
Yeah that's been talked about, but mine is so severe it wouldn't fix it
Sounds like a thriller starring Matthew Modine
Always for you David
It's evidently been around for 10+ years. They could do soft palate surgery for me, but wouldn't ultimately fix the issue.
RT People surprised about white people freaking out over a black mermaid seem to forget that white folks freaked out so hard abou…
It was awesome! Can't wait to go back!
RT So if I got this right, the NFL was outraged over a Black QB who took a knee &amp; donated $1.75M to the poor, but is silent o…
Thanks Mimmis!
Thanks! I'm thinking this is my next conference talk outfit.
Yeah, my home test showed 71 episodes in an average hour ("normal" is 5 for an adult). The CPAP has definitely helped, but I am not a fan and so this in-lab study is to prove mine is as bad as it is and to get approved for the Inspire implant.
Yeah I have a CPAP but not a fan, especially with as much as I travel, so I'm going for the Inspire implant, hence insurance insisting I do the sleep study (again) first
RT The cat who was completely obsessed with my bump when I was pregnant is quite uninterested in the baby now that she's o…
So I have been diagnosed with severe sleep apnea, and trying to get an implant to control it instead of using a CPAP. Insurance does not believe it is as bad as it is, so I now have to do an in lab study. I'm all hooked up, and I am not amused.
RT This is reality and you should think about it the next time you read some propaganda about ADHD folks being addicted to…
Hah! Love it.
The corresponding tweet from Hardees is brilliant
And Hardees's response is brilliant
Hard to disagree...
Good luck in all of this! I can't imagine all that you're thinking and feeling as you go through all this.
Heh sorry I wasn't trying to drive credentials - I have none. Was trying to contextualize where my thoughts are coming from. Interesting that much of what I learned/studied was as a Republican, and now we're seeing them as the pawn of Putin. And yes, we _definitely_ do the same.
I grew up spending countless hours studying and reading about Russia, their history and the tactics of the KGB, with my Grandpa who was in intelligence. What we're seeing is nothing new, just recontextualized.
They've been using the GOP since the late 90s and shifting idealogies (which take time) since before then. I agree about threat surface area (primarily social media) and our slow response, but we can't deny their ongoing activities leading up to that.
Russia's specific 5th column has been a thing since Dugin's involvement as "Putin's brain" since late 90s, early 2000s. Prior to that part of the KGB playbook has been to invest in gaining kompromat on politicians &amp; people of interest for decades and we see that playing out now.
Today's Image of the Day: A Bird's-Eye View of the Vehicle Assembly Base -
KGB/FSB for years has been doing this, and it's been their playbook. I can agree that there weren't many counters in place, but that's more a function of their playbook for the last half century playing itself out.
I think we can draw the line between their psyops and military ops. Their psyops are a big reason fascism is spreading throughout Europe and the US. They're doing quite well in that regard, sowing discord and misinformation and influencing elections and governments.
CONGRATS Ken!
Ohhhh.... 🤔
I only really ran one in the bedtime hours for a few weeks, but called into them for years.
Can confirm
Get a colonoscopy and you too can be like and ME!
Today's Image of the Day: Snowcapped Mountains in Western China -
RT Where are my Texan #DevRels at? As fall conference season picks back up, remember to make a plan to vote, likely in-per…
Cleansing ye ol' timeline
Right? Says a lot about my past year
A couple overseas flights and a couple trips a month (with current ticket prices) and I've spent $20k so far on flights
Hitting Diamond on and Titanium on all at the same time helps make the rest of 2022 and all of 2023 some nice travel experiences
Same place as this experience
This was at the new chiropractor's office I went to yesterday... I might have found my new forever chiropractor.
And I miss them all!
Yes! BBS's in the mid to late 80s, even calling (and racking up long distance charges) out of state boards to chat and learn and download software. All at 300-2400 baud. They were also my first foray into the internet with portals via Telnet to colleges and their Gopher/Archie.
RT brett goldstein’s full uncensored emmy’s acceptance speech &lt;3
Yeah as soon as I said it I regretted it. The timing, mind you, not the statement.
Do they have locker rooms? #GymJordan
Them: I'm a big Cowboys fan Me: I'm so sorry Them: Me: EEAWW€π`×€÷£π|=%¶¡ ! OWW!! tl;DR I just insulted my new chiropractor
Don't tell me to "take a deep breathe" while your system catches up
Looking forward to Modern Frontends in mid-November! Join me and a bunch of amazing speakers!
I have done this a few times with mine and it works well. The sear kit takes it up a notch too.
As a #Chiefs fan, we know bad defense, and I feel bad for Arizona
RT #Developers often spend too much time on processes that could be automated or eliminated—#CICD can help free up your develope…
RT Today, we remember the nearly 3,000 Americans who died in the horrific terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. We also hono…
"Megamind" ftw
Oh for sure. I've often thought about just doing a GitHub repo and then using git blame to identify when (and why 🤣😂) a change was made to the list. But then I don't.
RT This might be the most true use of this meme.
GOOOOAAAAALLL! Wonderful goal from Rodman!! LFG and finish this off!!
I am in desperate need of a mental reset with some big changes coming, so I'm heading to Colorado the end of next week to camp, and I'm starting to plan my mountain camping trip. And yes, of course I’m using a spreadsheet =)
A hard choice, so I'll give a few in no order: - "Pride (In the Name of Love)" by U2 - "Take on Me" by a-ha - "Purple Rain" by Prince - "I Want to Break Free" by Queen - "Uptown Girl" by Billy Joel - "We're Not Gonna Take It" by Twisted Sister - "Rebel Yell" by Billy Idol
I'm working on an upcoming conference talk about #DevEx disasters and how you can champion good DevEx in your org. I would love to hear about some of the one's that you've seen or been a part of! Post 'em, get some group therapy, and I might just feature them in the talk!
The gift that would keep on giving
And still have enough for an ice cream cone
So much this. Hands down the best superhero movie. Ever.
Me: After losing 30lbs since Christmas, I don't eat as much as I used to. Also Me: Taco night? Hell yeah! LFG!
Who?
Who are you unfollowing? I must have this person blocked for violent rhetoric from before
RT Excited to share that I’m part of new Influence at Work series! 🎉 and I are co-hosting a chat to help you…
RT Just absolutely sensational
Timeline cleanser
RT Remember that all of this is a strategy. The politics of outrage and insult are the last refuge of a politician who cann…
Like, at what point does it just become a "race trot" or a "race saunter"? This isn't walking.
Found these words of wisdom (?) from the NYC streets a few weeks back
Yessssss
Well of course! If I create one.
Back-to-back!!
I'm a bit split on if I want to create a "Twitter Circle". I really wish they would fully copy Google+ and let you create multiple circles (like life is), not this "only one circle" approach.
I haven't done Wordle since they switched the infra to NYT and I lost all of my history
Have a great trip and wish I was joining you all!
Ahh yeah that's true
We've got a baby rancor on board
Have you been talking to my wife?
There's a pet pig in the LAX Delta Lounge.
Need to do this next week as well.
RT I guess this puts Charles in charge. Of our days. And our knights.
You either literally have no idea what Americans actually do (record $880bn+ in credit card debt end of Q2 2022), or you're deliberately lying. It's really hard to tell with you any more Rick. Also, what about your $1.7bn Medicare fraud? #deplorable
You either literally have no idea what Americans actually do (record $880bn+ in credit card debt end of Q2 2022), or you're deliberately lying. It's really hard to tell with you any more Rick. Also, what about your $1.7bn Medicare fraud? #deplorable
Yep. Guarantee it's cleaner than the public transport they got out of before getting on the plane.
RT Ahhh science with no control and no explanation that a lot of what grew on the plate is ubiquitous microbio flora. sharing…
To which I reply "everyone is cleaning their own table?"
Okay Tim, is this another bar that you have not taken me to, or is this the result of eating at Meatliquor? I need to know the appropriate level of disappointment that I should feel at this moment.
Yeah, I seriously am questioning everything about our relationship now Zan.
So, I'm going to live at this restaurant every possible waking moment when I am in London mid November
RT Can't believe they are going to make a MAN queen. This woke nonsense has gone too far.
Proud and happy for you, and also, jealous. Of this "meat liquor"... I must know more.
Put your damn clothes on
Some of the early replies on that Reddit thread are comical
Today's Image of the Day: Mediterranean Cities Light Up the Night -
They said what they said.
Yep. IPAs are shit, and anyone who likes them only does so because they've been told to.
OH: IPA drinkers are just experiencing Stockholm Syndrome
OH: DNA is just infrastructure as code
Yep, all of that. All of the time
Nice timeline cleanser
Nothing like planning ahead! Get your CFP in!
Good on you
#RIPQueen #QueenElizabeth
AKA, 3 more women you won't be able to arouse
WOW! Haven't seen that in YEARS!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's Hubble Finds Spiraling Stars, Providing Window into Early Universe -
Today's Image of the Day: Voyager 1’s Mission to the Outer Planet Begins -
Next karaoke we need to duet this and I'll try to find a ball swing to ride
Dude! This is exciting! Congrats 🎉
Today's Image of the Day: A Cosmic Tarantula, Caught by NASA’s Webb -
Hmm 😉😜
RT Is it only Trump who can have a judge enjoin a criminal investigation into his conduct following execution of a judici…
Yes! Here until the end of the week
Here are a few pics from last night's Sydney Harbour tour... Simply beautiful!
Thanks to Sydney for having me deliver my FIRST keynote today! As mentioned, here is my slide deck.
Tim.
RT Looking at their data in the State of CI/CD report says they can tell that “Most teams are not deploying do…
RT “If you have management that doesn’t like failure as part of software delivery - come and talk to me later, because th…
Title of my documentary and autobiography
On it
RT What does it take to form a powerhouse #CICD team? Our latest State of Software Delivery Report identifies the four benchmark…
I actually don't think they did it on purpose? They're a loud talker it seems, but the faces of the men were classic!
That's a really great idea!
I think it's working
I don't think many of the businessmen here at the Sydney Marriott have ever seen someone with blue hair, much less one that quite obviously is meant to be there, and that point was hammered home loudly by the breakfast staff loudly thanking me for being a Titanium Elite member 🤣
Here until Saturday!
Thanks Steve! FINALLY!!
Hello Australia, I'm finally here!! Looking forward to #DevOpsTalks Sydney, but first gotta find 2 days worth of clothing due to a baggage misstep with
Yes! Like a or integration would be immensely helpful
Yeah, that at least would be a good step in the right direction I think and helpful
I am so far behind.... It's just another "thing" to do, and it's hopeless for me at this point
I'd reach out to Amazon seller feedback
That's when you drop the extra 9s
Lulz that's all you got? We're only 6 games in
RT How can you not love the PURE EMOTION from Antony and his Manchester United teammates after scoring a goal in his club debut…
Sitting on my flight to Sydney unable to watch the ManUtd vs Arsenal match, but catching all the notifications, and wondering how is feeling right now?
For reference, this is the video
After watching that glorious Ken Casey video, I'm reminded of this bit. 🔥
RT When the president comes out as anti fascist and pro democracy and you feel attacked… Perhaps you need to do some introspec…
You found a hotdog for each hand small enough to fit inside your clenched fists?
Great..... Yay..... Where are the cookies?
Aww that's so awesome! I can't wait for the new airport, even if it means it will not be as easy to fly out of.
Oh interesting! Hadn't seen that
Are you referring to Twitter Blue, where all your tweets are paused like 20s to decide if you really want to send it or not?
RT So TLDR, has not dropped kf. They've temporarily replaced CDN services with a blocked message pointing to a…
We are all on drugs
RT I can׳t believe ABC, CBS, and NBC all declined to carry President Biden’s speech last night because it was too “politi…
It was great finally meeting you Tejas, and I eagerly await London!
Trick question. They don't have one.
/subscribe
Black people having to "prove" racists wrong is the epitome of white privilege. Great thread here
Really great thread here about the basic similarities between Nazism and MAGA
Paging to help my friend Jess!
Oh Jess! Here's hoping they get the data they need so you can get the answers and next steps laid out!
It was my pleasure, and you knocked it out of the park! Next time we'll plan a duet.
That's really weird... I wonder if it's location based? I know when I'm outside the US, my Twitter Blue subscription disappears.
I chose for everyone on the internet being affected, and then scrolled down on the next screen for misleading info, and then health / COVID was there.
I was able to report it for COVID-19 misinformation. Such an idiot he is.
Goodbye ! It was an amazing conference, with my extreme thanks going out to the speakers, sponsors, and _ESPECIALLY_ to the organizing team ran by and Can't wait for #CascadiaJS 2024!
Janitorial Services
RT I'm looking for three people who recently got their first #DevRel job to each record a short video for a project I'm wor…
Today's Image of the Day: The Crater Farm -
OH: I don't know lyrics as it relates to pitch and tempo
🤔 Are you actually rick-rolling the crowd when you do "Never Gonna Give You Up" at karaoke? 🤔
Happy 10th Birthday and thanks to and for shepherding this amazing conference! Can't wait for #CascadiaJS 2024!
RT Before: How kids feel when you don't run continuous integration tests on your code. After: How they feel when you use
Congrats Martin, and so well deserved!!
You better not be!
This shirt is magical... Where did you get it?
TIL about "zombie ants" and "zombie fungus" 🤯
Boom. #StaceyAbrams mic drop
Next time.
Great time at #CascadiaJS 2022 with and Thanks for the video!
I'll submit, but ran into an issue where it wanted at least 1000 characters for the description
So, the CFP requires at least 1000 characters for the description?
All of this. Do you not measure? No. But just because you can measure doesn't mean you should. ID the goals &amp; initiatives that line up w/the org &amp; top-level co, &amp; if there's a number to show that, fine. But anyone that says "measure, measure, measure" is likely selling something.
Today's Image of the Day: Lacerta’s Star Outshines a Galaxy -
RT I don't actually know what jamstack is and at this point I'm too afraid to ask
Today's Image of the Day: A Peek Into Jupiter’s Inner Life -
I'm excited to use complete sentences!
This thread will likely change your life, or at least how you view the English language.
RT it's only cancel culture if it's from the Cancel region of France. otherwise it's just sparkling consequences.
I'll accept that. The series is so damn good. I've watched it 5 times, and it's my go to for lighthearted viewing.
Then I have truly failed you my friend
Wait, why have you not seen this yet? Why did you not know about it? You've seen Letterkenny right?
"Scientists have found evidence that verbal insults trigger a "mini slap to the face"" That's great and all, Science, but what happens when I respond with "I'm rubber and you're glue, whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you!" Huh??!?
Today's Image of the Day: Early Morning Artemis I -
OMG I love all of you, and these pics are awesome! (cc:
Good ol’ supply &amp; demand. My dad has worked in the auto industry for over 50 years, &amp; was at a R&amp;D facility a few years ago where the topic of discussion came up about the ridiculous price at _that_ time of trucks, &amp; the Mfg’s rep said, “People will pay it - so we’ll charge it.”
Really hoping you hear positive news and get great results!!!
2 observations here: 1) He's taking safety precautions with the flotation device 2) Someone actually thought to do this first.... 😂🤣
Oh I'm quite sure they know exactly what they're selling
Spot on.
This thread is glorious... "a fundamental core of the Imperial System is 'bollocks to consistency'!"
Wait.
Should we invent a coffee deodorant? Seems like it might solve a few things.
Julia. 😮
Of, Amy! I'm so sorry! 💔😢 Thoughts with your family during this time!
And the AD made a statement before their next match which falls flat as usual.
This is absolutely reprehensible and needs addressed immediately
So I see you're finally catching up
Always admitting it. An amazing album, front to back.
Two of the best ones
Ahh, well safe travels!
Travel safe. Where ya headed?
He's currently at MAL asking TFG to give him new Bible verses to tweet out
Polo!
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 15 Catches Earth on the Horizon -
Wow! You've been apart of some amazing projects, and can't wait to see what you do next!
RT SERIOUS QUESTION: Is Marjorie Taylor Greene a racist or just a complete idiot?
I'll be speaking again at in Chicago, Sept 25-28 on DevOps, and how CI/CD fits into it ( Use this link for a $100 discount on any 2 or 3-day pass to this community-run #Java #JVM #Cloud #BigData conf.
RT Mr. President, there's nothing "semi-" about their fascism.
Was this at the airport? Definitely better elsewhere, but glad you got some!
Right? Almost like they're tied together? 🤔
If they won't, know that I will
Yours was so good and I can't wait to see it again
Yep, and I loved the "it was funny and informative" and "it was informative but not very entertaining or memorable" 🤣😂
Right? "I disagree with your politics because you didn't tie them into tech which you shouldn't anyways, so I'll just be an ignorant white asshole."
Some great feedback from my DevOps and CI/CD talk at #KCDC2022, except that one dude who didn't like my ending "Black Lives Matter, Trans rights are human rights, and abortion is healthcare." ¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯
RT Congressman Matt Gaetz had $482,321 in PPP loans forgiven.
RT Congressman Mike Kelly had $987,237 in PPP loans forgiven.
RT Congressman Kevin Hern had over $1 million in PPP loans forgiven.
RT Congressman Markwayne Mullin had over $1.4 million in PPP loans forgiven.
RT Congressman Vern Buchanan had over $2.3 million in PPP loans forgiven.
RT Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene had $183,504 in PPP loans forgiven.
Today's Image of the Day: NASA T-38s Soar Over Artemis I -
The other statement was literally this... "Have you tried Excel?"
I never had student debt because I did not go to college. But, I fully support paying off all student debt because of the predatory practices that have targeted people who have no other way to get an education to better themselves. This isn't a difficult concept.
OH: "SharePoint is a great database."
I love so much, and value every moment I get to spend with him. From hugs that, quite literally, take my breath away, to his quick wit and smile that warms a room, he's an absolutely amazing human being that I'm honored to call a friend.
I don't normally remember my dreams, but last night I was a coffee smuggler running coffee to people's around the world that couldn't get it because the big coffee conglomerates wouldn't allow them to unless they bought their shitty brand. And of course there were zombies.
RT If you're against forgiving student loan debt because you had it and you suffered therefore others should suffer. That…
OH: "No, Dad, you're the top and he's the bottom."
This passion to win from is contagious. This is what endears you as a player to the fans, and shows your commitment to the club. LFG #MUFC!
#anaWritesADefinition at #DevOpsDaysDFW
Kicking off the afternoon session at is talking about "The Evolution of GameDays"
Today's Image of the Day: Milky Way Time Lapse -
/subscribe
"DevRel something this something that"
I had a hat on, so I figured it was just a case of looking the wrong direction
RT Looking for GameDevs who are building browser-based games and are interested in bringing them to TVs. Especially interested in…
RT If you are based in the UK please support OpenUK by taking 20 minutes to complete our Survey and help us understand the open…
Congrats 🎉👏!
AI to the rescue
RT I received my session feedback from I'm so grateful for the endorsement. It was a very emotional talk on the im…
And the sheer Twitter dudebro fuckery of "wellactshually" is painfully delightful
And buried in my #KCDC feedback is a callout to 's awesome talk, and the amazing hype machine that she is!
Bring it on
Oh for sure! Caught more of them the 2nd time. I'll for sure see it many more times.
Just got the feedback from my CI/CD Standardization talk at this year, and wow! Thank you so much to all of the attendees! Stats: - 110 attendees - 21 submitted feedback - 82% positive 💚, 18% neutral ⭐ Thank you #KCDC for everything! Can't wait for next year!
RT I haven’t been to every meetup this year. This is the best turnout I have seen this year. Keep up the great work
So many good parts that just continue to hit so well
RT If your masculinity is so fragile, that you feel like caring about women, or hugging your male friends when you greet…
It's so fantastic
Yes, I did just see #DeadpoolWolverine again. Just as good the 2nd time, too.
Same, see you both!
Wow! Such news. Much awesome. You're a large part of the success of Ionic, and they will miss you, more than they might even know. I can't wait for what comes next for you!
Today's Image of the Day: The Historic X-1E Looks Forward -
What a beast was down that right side yesterday! Best performance of his #MUFC career so far!
Tell me you question if you're becoming an alcoholic without telling me you question if you're becoming an alcoholic I'll go first. The FA asked if I wanted ice in my &amp; OJ at 5a when I boarded this plane, and I said "No, it gets in the way". 🤔
I didn't think I would, but after just a few days of forcing myself to use it, I loved it, and it's become my go to for taking notes. My complaint about past attempts with alternatives was that it didn't feel like writing on paper. This does.
What the what?
Perfect. Looking forward to it.
Oh nice. I'm getting a 4hr Sydney Harbour dinner cruise at night, so that will give me some nice views too I'm sure.
I will have one day in Sydney, so if you have suggestions let me know. And safe travels.
Yeah shared some to the original thread
A few vids from last night...
Man it was awesome!!
I'm really looking forward to making my first trip to Australia coming up soon (finally!). I'll be joining a solid group of speakers at Sydney, Sept 6-7, where I'll be talking about what a high-performing team looks like. Get your tickets at
Some damn expensive cake
RT So League of Their Own and She Hulk got review bombed with angry 1* reviews and I wonder how terrified some dudes are of…
It's 90 days for the US for UK nationals
It was a great show (was my youngest's first real concert) and we all enjoyed it!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's Europa Clipper in High Bay 1 -
Nope. We don't.
RT You know you don't have to give anti abortion extremists a platform.
Nope. You can stay in the UK for up to 6 months without needing a VISA.
Timeline cleanser
Ahh, yes, the F&amp;F discount. Good business acumen! Or a subscription service, where could pay a per night fee, or a flat rate.
Right? Nice to know who the adult is there
All hail the Queen's English AND the metric system
Definitely NOT the asshole, and this is amazing. This kid is gonna go far!
YESSS! And you get to work with Jess! Two of my faves, together!
Who all is joining me at this week? I'll be manning the booth with so make sure you stop by, say hi, grab some stickers and socks, and enter to win a LEGO R2-D2 set or the newest SONY noise-canceling headphones. #DevOpsDaysDFW
Congrats to you both 😂🤣! Can't wait to hear more!
Yeah, we had a great time!
African coffee is delightfully complex, and this Tanzanian from Hold Fast Coffee (delivered via is so great. The sweetness consistently comes through in each brew, and I've enjoyed it over ice as well.
If I'm in town I can look at coming up and hanging with you, but there's nothing at MCI. Bring games, chargers, and snacks.
MCI is my home airport... And there's nothing for layovers until we get our new airport in March. Do STL
I'm at 4TB, and will need to upgrade in the near future (haven't used as much since a lot is on the streaming services)
Right? They don't even know....!
At #kendrickLamar with my boys... Who love getting pics with their dad in public 🤣😂
Yup.
Skip figuring out YAML and use the new Visual Config Editor for your CircleCI pipelines
RT Please don’t act like everyone loved my father then or authentically honors him today. He was assassinated. A 1967 pol…
So giant ping pong?
I've thankfully missed those after parties
That candy butt plug though
French Kiss How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days Deadpool This is 40 Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
Absolutely agree, and it's too often used to mock Phil Jones. Without the injuries I think he would have been a solid defender week in and out for #MUFC
RT If accessibility overlays worked, companies would market them as browser extensions for individuals who would benefit…
I was for a bit, at the bar, but just boarded my plane to KC! See you at the next spot!
This is the club I was born for
My first extended stay in Louisville &amp; it's been great! Thanks to for having me here to speak again this year (finally in person!), &amp; to the attendees, sponsors, &amp; other speakers, thank you too! As promised, my slides are up at #CodePaLOUsa
The only reason I would watch golf
One can hope?
It was the golfer, and he had to get a trainer, or massage therapist?, out to assist
There is an injury timeout in golf. I repeat... There is an injury timeout in golf. 😂🤣
Ahh, yeah, good reminder
This looks interesting too
This question always comes up and generally boils down to personal preference. I like Peak Design, GoRuck, and Away for backpacks that are good for travel and general use
Looking for the same
Nice. I'll listen to it nonstop and go crazy when he does it on Sunday.
I take back all the positive things I've said about this generation. Fuck 'em 🤣😭
So I'm taking my boys to Kendrick Lamar on Sunday in KC... Not really listened much, so does anyone have a good primer to jump start me?
"trickle down economics" was always a scam to convince the have-nots to let the have's make all the decisions and that they would benefit. It was a grift, and the gap between middle- and upper-class has been widening exponentially ever since
I shall try this delicacy at KubeCon
Glorious
It was so good
From a Brazilian steakhouse last night to White Castle this afternoon, and I have come full circle
Just met starting winger for the USWNT, on the streets of Louisville after the tour with and she said she liked my hair!! #achievementUnlocked
A great reminder on this Friday
RT Sometimes people give me shit for comparing the talking points of right-wing media and politicians to those of the KKK…
Today's Image of the Day: Moon Over New Orleans -
Timeline cleanser
OH: Your character is a void that consumes all hope
Not gonna say a coincidence, but... 乁[ ◕ ᴥ ◕ ]ㄏ
Invite? What's that? Also, I'll tell everyone your pet name.
If you're at today, come by Regency B at 1245p ET where we'll discuss what #DevOps is, and how #cicd enters into the equation! Even includes a history lesson!
He brought the party
He took a pay cut
He did. And now you do.
Yeah, that confused me too
I'll send you my Venmo
I mean, in all fairness, there was a GOT wedding that didn't go down so well... ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
We missed you. Chris had never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before
RT The opposite of a Debbie Downer is a Bethamphetamine
Did end up finding the best co k in Kentucky, so, #winning
It was so tender and sweet
Same
"Ready for some more meat!"
"That bottom sirloin is top"
Bring on the meat sweats
"Their eyes glazed over when they saw that meat"
Things to (not to) say at a Brazilian Steakhouse. I'll go first "That guy was carrying a lot of meat"
This thread is solid gold
OH: He went to the dotNot, err dotNet, thing
Did he hit double digits?
It directly correlates to us chatting _just_ before you had your headshots taken.
Today's Image of the Day: Voyager 1 Sees the Great Red Spot -
If you're passionate about building the processes and frameworks to make developer #community world class, and have experience spec'ing out Ambassador programs &amp; working with #OpenSource communities, you should check out this role on my team at CircleCI!
Pookie, I didn't tell anyone. Your secret is still safe.
That's not what you told me and Tim...
Gotta love one of the speaker rooms at #CodePaLOUsa!
Yep. Also whiskey, and gin and tonics
That's so awesome! And it looks amazing Jess!
Wait wait... There's a game where you get your own cultists? 🤯
And what Adam doesn't know is that Marc secretly gets off on the blackmail and sees Adam as his dom
Aww shucks my dudes
I am sometimes this dog.
RT Hey folks! We're 27 days from MagnoliaJS 2022. If y'all were planning to buy a ticket, you should do that ASAP. We're tryi…
looking all fed up with the KCDC talk
If you're at this week, or watching via livestream, come check out my session at 1245p ET where we discuss what #DevOps is, and how #cicd enters into the equation!
Today's Image of the Day: We Are Going: Artemis I on Launch Pad -
Headed to #CodePaLOUsa! Who's gonna be there with me?
I'm so so sorry Kat. Is there anything I can do for you?
I also said my in-person goodbye's to my grandfather, who I probably saw for the last time. 😢 He's had multiple strokes over the last 10 years, fallen more than his fair share, &amp; has some level of dementia, but was engaged with everything &amp; understood it all. So grateful.
We laid my last grandmother to rest today. It was a nice graveside service, with family and friends, and I was glad to be there. Thank you to all the well wishes you've sent, they were felt and needed.
RT has one of the most generous free plans I have ever come across. Was blown away by the resources in the plan and f…
RT This is a BFD.
Samesies.
Today's Image of the Day: Perennial Perseids -
Just saw this! See you there!
There's something sad about the death or a loved one, especially if it's the matriarch/patriarch of the family, that brings out the nasty in some people. They live a whole life of passive aggressiveness, and then have no construct for how to deal with grief, and so they act out.
I'm back where I was born, but only lived for less than a year, and there's just this odd feeling of being "home" that pops up whenever I'm back. It doesn't help that I'm back for my grandma's funeral either.
Amateur 😂
RT I had to drive to California to get this one. My clearest image of Saturn, at it's closest to Earth. Captured from the…
#DevRelLife
But how will you know if it's morning or evening Chris?
RT Also for all the MAGA bros on TikTok who have to remind their viewers that they’re an “alpha,” a “sheepdog,” or a “wolf”…
See something, say something.
Yesss! Joining some amazing people! and are top shelf! You're gonna rock it Val! (Fixing from my previous mention gaffe)
FFS
Hey Matt! Great write-up!
This is sooo cool! Val's amazing!
Ugh, I feel this so hard. Happens on the regular.
Conversation I just butted into.. Woman: So is there like a curtain or a divider for First Class? Man: Usually it's a curtain. Me: And it's electrified. Her: What? Really? Him: (giggling) Me: Yeah, that's how they make sure the cattle stay back where they belong. 🤣😅😂😁
RT If you believe: Hillary Clinton should be locked up Hunter Biden should be locked up Nancy Pelosi should be locked up Anthon…
I mean, it often felt like it
"I survived 11 years at Sprint"
YIPPEE!! It's announcement day! Congrats Matty!
Today's Image of the Day: Aquanaut Gets to Work Underwater -
Checking my oldest into college today at #KU has the full range of emotions
Yeah they probably had shitty ribs at Jack Stack in KC, or think KC Masterpiece is a thing ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
RT GUYS. BEFORE YOU LET THE MEDIA TELL YOU ANYTHING ELSE ABOUT TRUMP'S CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS, YOU WILL READ THIS THREAD. I do…
Like I don't know which place did this to you, but it's not KC BBQ.
Excuse me what?
Ahh, but they, and I shit you not, read from a different history book than you and I do
RT You know, say what you will about America… thirteen bucks still gets you a hell of a lot of mice.
Not gonna lie... It just hits right
Spot on from #GlazersOutNOW
RT Go hug a Manchester United fan
This is leadership, accountability. He was poor, but hardly the worst on the pitch, and yet stands up and takes responsibility. on the other hand, as Captain, should be front and center making account, and leading by example. But crickets... So telling.
This is so wholesomely funny I've watched it 3 times already
FML... This is a result of almost 20 years of the ownership being in it for money and not football. They back players over the manager. ETH is good, and will bring about change, but nothing will be ultimately better until the #GlazersSellManUtd #GlazersOutNOW
Acidity is an interesting bodily response to some things, and with coffee can come from a variety of things (bad beans, poor roasting process OR wrong finishing roast, poor brewing, bad water, etc). Fascinates me to no end. Are there coffee varietals that do that less for you?
This weekend has me drinking a "medium roast Colombian" - not something I would normally say (prefer Colombian coffee lighter), but this one via is quite good! The roaster is Drink Coffee Do Stuff - love the name too. Truth in packaging.
Make sure you put a container with water in there to keep moisture in there, and keep refilling it (probably every couple hours). Also, don't panic when it stalls around 150F. Just be patient and let it go. Low and slow.
Yeah, love mine too. It's so perfect.
It's how you build resiliency
Well done.
The episode "Pillows and Blankets" (Season 3, Episode 14) is one of the greatest ever.
RT I'm one of the 81 million who voted for the guy not under investigation for espionage.
Evidently not enough
Oh, really? 👀👂
I blame you
I just saw a new Hybrid Jeep Wrangler and I'm in love.
When will it stop? When will criminals be able to safely criminal again?
Great suggestion! Thank you!
Thanks Todd! This is an auto tweet from the daily image posts they do, and I wish I could auto alt-tag them
Yay! So happy for you! Best of luck, and happy to compare notes.
RT Make sure to RSVP for tomorrow night's meetup with Curtis Blackthorne, Engineering Manager at who'll be droppin…
RT turn this song up
Just saw #DeadpoolWolverine and... Wow. So fucking good. Amazing soundtrack. Awesome cameos. Perfect callbacks. Thank you , , and for a perfect
Such a great send off to the classic X-Men and 20th Century Fox's rendition. Some amazing memories.
Aww shucks ty
RT I'm sure the French are very upset that their world-famous art and culture are not appreciated by US conservatives who j…
Yikes lol
Don't hold your breath
😂🤣😭
Fucking hell, this app... Also, "Unfinished Projects" was my nickname in college. Now that I think about it, fitting, since I also dropped out after 12 credit hours.
Fucking hell... "Unfinished projects" was my nickname in college
Don't ever forget... I'm a ray of fucking sunshine, and you can be too. Just costs $15 at the local knick-knack store. #NewProfilePic
RT . is on a mission to provide a unified approach to open source database software, support and services. We're gr…
Yes, they are!
Hmm yeah you're right. It's strange that nothing really changed.
Yeah your right eye is... not ok
I'll see you at quite a lot of these 🤩
RT The most important reason to treat people well is not what you'll get in return. It's who you hope to become. Kindness is…
And it was a phenomenal talk
Whew! I have a few
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Peers at Celestial Cloudscape -
RT Good morning to everyone who doesn’t have stolen nuclear secrets in their homes.
Can't wait to see where you end up next!! 💙
Aww Ted. Thank you!
Thank you Todd, and YESSS!
With my Grandma's passing this afternoon, I poured one out of wine from my anonymous friends and their love.
Thank you Kelly. Sorry for your losses as well. 🧸
Thank you David. I appreciate it!
Thanks Wesley.
Thank you Brittany, that means a lot 💙
And she's passed. Thanks to everyone who's reached out (and sent the liquor cabinet) over the last week or so. It's really meant a lot.
RT The penis is not part of a man. The testicles actually orbit the urethra while the penis hovers above them protecting th…
So sorry Jess! 💔 I have not been through this with a parent, but thoughts are with you and your family. 🧸
RT With self-hosted runner you can use your own infrastructure for running jobs. If your team has unique security or compute req…
RT SOME PERSONAL NEWS... Unfortunately, underwent layoffs this morning — and I've been let go. If you're looking…
RT Like so many in the industry, I’ve been officially laid off. I’ve enjoyed the journey with the Orbit team, but now I’ve got to fo…
Really great thread on "unlimited PTO" and what to look for
MCI is the airport designation though, so it works too
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I Moonikin Campos Inspection and Install -
RT When Republicans are telling you they'll go full fascist if they gain power you should take them literally and seriously in…
Yep, those tavern biscuits were amazing
TWINSIES!
Yeah it was me, and I had to change my pants afterwards
👀
Not a new thing....
All 3 are great, but I prefer the strawberry frosted wheat.
"bed cereal"... I like the sound of that! Which are the best?
There were great options... Glad to have shared some of it with you, and finally meet in person!
With a lot of tech roadkill
This wins the internet today folks
RT This is nothing short of brilliant and very much worth a read.
Get a room you two
Great job again to the whole team for another great, flawless, impactful event! Can't wait for #kcdc2023!
RT Greetings from DevOpsDays Chicago! Join us September 21-22 2022 at the UIC Forum in beautiful Chicago, IL. Register toda…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s B377SGT Super Guppy Turbine Cargo Airplane lands at Moffett Field at NASA Ames -
RT Malcolm Gladwell is like “remote work is bad!” but expects us to all enjoy going to *this* every day
Thank you to all who attended my #kcdc2022 talk yesterday. I really appreciated the manufactured laughs &amp; empathetic nodding as I shared some of my history with dev and ops pre-CI/CD... Here are those slides I promised! Thank you for having me!
Three years since this epic moment when #winfluencers was founded in Malmö and took the Internet by storm, but only 3/4 of the Team was able to make it to #kcdc this year. Next year
. got the eyebrow and beard, and I got the upper lip and hair. Complete coincidence? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
With my boy at #PubConf after #kcdc
RT Okay, GOP, you win: we should arrest whoever appointed FBI Director Christopher Wray.
I'll take $1 and tell you wherever the fuck I want
So proud of you Todd!
RT Breaking News: Florida Man Stunned to Find That Laws Apply to Him, Too
Right? I was sitting watching him go in circles around where I was
RT . do an unboxing video
That reaction when your Lyft driver takes the longest route possible to get to where you are
RT Greetings from DevOpsDays Chicago! Join us September 21-22 2022 at the UIC Forum in beautiful Chicago, IL. Register toda…
Almost as good as the Roll Back pricing with DevWalOps
I bought mine at Amazon
RT What do think of when you hear DevOps. I think of teams, but I heard a lot of different answers today. Great job
RT (Overhead in Florida) Knock knock. Who’s there? The Feds.
My Lyft driver's rocking a Mace Windu statue and decent music mix
RT It was a beautiful raid. A perfect raid. People tell me they've never seen such as perfect raid.
You are missed btw
Dude, Sharat, you're the best. Thank you.
Nope but you know who said it
OH: I'll order sausage anywhere
I keep hearing that, and gotta watch it. Is that the Hulu release?
Yeah, you'll need some Basalt, Terracotta, and Blackstone
I found out over the weekend what Matty's new job is going to be... Selling "devops".
Today's Image of the Day: Moon Mosaic -
Odds they throw us off the plane?
Figures.
Yess! Welcome to my hometown. I'll see you tonight!
Did I miss a SCaLE after party?
That's me... Blue hair and all
Introducing to the bougieness of the Sky Lounges at DTW #kcdc here we come
OH: Italian sports bar
Hope you make it safely and before it's all over
And his show fell off.
It was not, but I'm sure you'll see if sometime
This house-brewed gin and tonic from is 114 proof... 🥹😁 I'll see you all on the flip side
I was asked to help cover an open slot at due to weather and other circumstances, and so I talked on Mentorship, and being able to recreate civilization from scratch. Riveting stuff, I tell you. Here are the slides as promised: #beercitycode
RT covering all the combinations in his Demystifying DevOps and CI/CD talk at
RT . talks about Demystifying #DevOps and #ContinuousIntegration/#ContinuousDeployment “It all boils down to automa…
Right? Since when did DevOps become so limiting?
RT Watching drop knowledge on CI/CD at #BeerCityCode
Rich... Shhh....
Thanks to the community for having me give my "Demystifying DevOps and CI/CD" talk today. As I mentioned, here are my slides! #beercitycode #bccgr
A full room hearing from at #beercitycode on "Making A Strong Case For Accessibility", and pointing out the top 6 issues found by all of which are low-hanging fruit
On brand
Is this gonna be a thing now? Do we just have to go buy these and wear them? Does that make us DevOps shills?
Big brain moment Rich!
Have we jumped the shark so much that a simple search for "devops" on Amazon returns this...?
You're getting in early! Love the initiative.
The one, the only. Thankfully.
Also, yeah, wish you could have been there too!
I mean.... You could have been
OH: There were no ALT tags for what you said
RT Dinner with the homies! #DeveloperCommunity
You're not helping Jess
RT all startups either die early or live long enough to ship a gratuitously over-engineered 404 page 🙃
Sometimes we just need more coffee
Ahh good question! Me neither!
Expensify all the things
Today's Image of the Day: Curiosity's Dusty Selfie -
RT Get your tickets TODAY for the return of #DevOpsDays Chicago! Sept 21-22
Yes, yes it is.
No. Uh-uh.
That's what I'm worried about
RT Today is THE DAY. It's the LAST business day before #kcdc2022. Check-in opens at 6:30 on Mon. morning. So if you STILL haven't p…
What is wrong with that pizza? It needs some meds
NJ?
I have a new work 14" M1 Max MBP, but I already want an M2 for me, which I have absolutely no need for right now.
Thank you for jumping through hoops to make sure I can get to #BeerCityCode today. Original flight was delayed this morning, and instead of dealing with Grand Rapids airport, I'm flying roundtrip from Detroit and driving the rest of the way.
Another good coffee from (via Indonesian coffee is always an interesting prospect given the climate, and a roaster that can take great care in finding the coffee's perfect flavour is rare. This one fits that perfectly! Highly recommend.
RT If your employer is requiring you to attend an event with a Covid policy that you feel discriminates against your beliefs…
Mmm cheeeese. Frozen pizza never has enough cheese
Thought leadership right there
DevOpsDays Chicago outing to find out?
Close... It was a frozen Canadian Bacon pizza
Not far off
I'm just going by what told me
I thought that's how it's supposed to be?
Hey, look! I made "Tavern Style" pizza. Or is it "Chicago Style?"
RT Alex Jones’ cell phone is everything Republicans dreamed Hunter Biden’s laptop would be.
Today's Image of the Day: Ice Stars -
seems to find them all over
So sorry Wes... Thoughts with you and your wife 😢
This sounds amazing. I'll take 2 as well.
This was my endeavor and it was amazing. Never planning on doing soggy, seared meat. 😜
Talking to a random woman on the internet and being abusive about her life choices... Not a good look for sure.
CITY BAG!!!
Absolutely, anytime!
RT The thing that the privileged absolutists don’t take into account the fact that our system is set up to funnel people, especia…
Can't wait for #kcdc2022!! Who's joining me?
Today's Image of the Day: Wildflowers in Bloom at Kennedy Space Center -
FML... it's 79F at 645a
Alt-metal-polka band out of Siberia
RT Can’t even begin to imagine how many veterans’ lives Jon Stewart just saved.
YES!
Quite honestly proud of (and surprised at) of my state!
Dude... What the hell is wrong with you?
Yeah that sucks
Thank you to those who sent me a literal liquor cabinet restocking in the form of an anonymous delivery driver. It means so much to me. More than you can imagine.
Dude... Yeah
Yeah white woman piling on people (especially URM) who work for defense contractors (regardless of if that's their only way to provide for their family, and even if it's janitors, etc.) and calling them baby killers and leaning on their "moral backbone" blah blah blah
Today's Image of the Day: Webb Captures Stellar Gymnastics in The Cartwheel Galaxy -
Did they feel like they needed to say that? Were they referring to wet with water? Or were they including dips like ranch? Or olive oil and spices? I have so many questions
Some people I know who speak on accessibility come to mind, like and but I'm sure I'm also missing others that my brain isn't connecting at the moment
Requesting a lot of positive vibes and thoughts right now... My grandma (last one) is nearing or very close to end of life, and it's hitting me hard while dealing with everything else that's going on for me.
Fair. Thinking about the time that the dishwasher sits between cycles that could help the rust process?
Yeah, more about the high heat and drying and associated rust that's the problem with the dishwasher
There's a lot of white privilege tied into proclaiming having "moral backbone" requires someone to quit a job that is providing for their family (in all ways that _THEY_ need and that _THEY_ only know), in a system that is rigged FOR the privileged, and go find another job
Like, I'm pretty against using a dishwasher, but it _really_ shouldn't be an issue assuming you actually pay attention, use a lower heat setting (if you have one) and remove ASAP and dry. The problem is that requires focus - and who has that anymore? lol
Right? Such an amateur 😂🤣
I agree 100% that you should use dish soap to clean them. The issue with using a dishwasher is the amount of water and drying and HIGH heat that accompanies the process. In theory you _could_ do a quick wash and remove immediately and dry on the stove so it's not left to rust.
👇👇
Wow! Congrats you two!
Yes. Sarcasm evidently wasn't on full display 😂🤣
It'll never close. What an amateur. Gotta lay them flat (or angled) so you can close it and get maximum surface coverage for the best clean.
And staff that generally couldn't care less
I voted. If you're in Kansas, VOTE TODAY!
No. Hard to schedule from the airport
Everyone always seems to talk shit on things like the Bermuda Triangle and quicksand, saying they don't exist, until you're stuck in the Fire Swamp and get attacked by an ROUS and have it take a chunk out of your shoulder. We never learn.
Not many things quite as annoying as having your driver cancel the ride 3 minutes from picking you up from the airport at 1:00 a.m., when it's already hard trying to find a Lyft home. Happened 3 times already.
RT More than 20 years after 9/11, one of the masterminds of that terrorist attack and Osama bin Laden’s successor as the lead…
This is such great news! I hope they figure out what's causing the pain!
Yeah it really is quite funny, but also so pain inducing
Yeah... It's just a lot to take in. I blame for subjecting me to that
Uh
"WWW? It has a meaning?" Sometimes I really want to take back everything good I have said about the younger generation... "Be kind, rewind? Isn't that where you go back if you're not kind and try again?" 💀💀
It's been too long! Glad we caught a few moments!
Which further pushes the scorpions to the house
Great meeting your Bill!
Yes! Will be a great time!
Whatever will you do with all that space?
Tomorrow, on August 2nd, fellow Kansans stand up for anyone who can become pregnant and THEIR rights. Stand up for HUMAN rights. Vote NO to allow for THEM to make the choice THEY damn well want to for THEM, THEIR health, and THEIR well-being. #ksleg
Congrats Tim! Looks like a really interesting product, and I think you're going to do well!
“He’s one of the best holding midfielders I’ve ever seen in my life, by far.” -Pep Guardiola was one of the best footballers. Always loved watching him play.
That's basically what I do when I try to interact with sysctl...
Sasha.
Definitely captures the awesome chaos!!
Cutting edge right there
I think at this point it's baked into my routine. And I don't understand this "slides are frozen" thing you mention?
Yes, it was me up at 5:30a this morning deciding to redo half of my talk that I give in a few hours. Thank you for asking! How are you?
Fucking hell... Or ever watched a sci-fi film. This is what the Cylons were first created to be.
RT Therapy is now horrible
Another is asking for a shot of Kahlua or Irish Creme in the lounge and then adding it to your to-go coffee back at your table.
RT 🤝Join React Day Berlin for 45+ talks, 10+ workshops, and 800+ React friends! Topics include the latest #ReactJS update…
#SlowHorses is hands down one of the best shows on streaming _or_ TV. It's so good, and they're producing seasons at an awesome clip. They're already done with Season 4, which had a trailer for Season 5 at the finale.
Good company is better than "ok" cornbread
I got you
I feel it is important to field test many theories
PSA: 2 mimosas do in fact fit into 1 to go coffee cup
No, I did not just stuff my face with a fucking chicken Big Mac before my stupid 11:15 p.m. flight. Why the fuck would you ask me that? And yes, it was delicious.
😲💙 This talk was the hardest to give of my career, so thank you to for that! 😅 I look forward to speaking this year on breaking down #DevEx into what really matters for your team, your org, your company, and your customers. Make sure you grab your tickets soon!
Any of my Microsoft friends at the Redmond campus today (Wednesday)? I'm here with my company who is a big partner for an off-site, but would love to say hi!
Holy shit... Just looked at NotebookLM and I'm 😲🤘
RT Shout-out to the real ones, partner orgs from across the OSS ecosystem who were here for it on launch day. ✌️😌
RT
Ohhh very nice. I took this one yesterday, it's on one of the 8 big sunflower "trees" (?) in the backyard. The smallest one is 12 feet (~3.65m) high, with the tallest being &gt;15 feet (4.57m) high!
Quick question before I answer... How pretentious do you want me to be Mr. HackySack?
One of my complaints about communities that utilize chat systems, especially if they have no mechanism to move information to public forums which make use of SEO benefits.
I'M TRYING TO WATCH AND LISTEN TO THE MUSIC NOT THE FUCKING COMMENTATORS
Me: &lt;Trying to watch the Opening Ceremony&gt; NBC Announcer: "A lot of times tonight you feel like you're watching a movie, it's so cinematic" Me: No, fuckface, I don't feel that way - I wouldn't be hearing fucking commentary on WHAT I WAS FUCKING WATCHING AND LISTENING TO. STFU
RT As you prepare for our next meetup on Tuesday, here's our April meetup with where he talked about "Streamlining you…
[2/2] This second photo of my second favourite flower (Zinnias) was taken at 843a with my Sony a6100 with a Sigma 18-50mm F2.8 DC DN lens in Macro mode (6000x4000, ƒ4 27mm 1/160 ISO 200) from a distance of about 3in.
Sunflowers have been my favourite flower for so long, and that isn't going to change. However, I have found my new _second_ favourite flower: a Zinnia The first photo was taken at 639a with my Pixel Fold (12MP 3000×4000 Ultra HDR) in Portrait mode (ƒ/1.7 1/71 4.53mm ISO83). 😱
Can anyone confirm Vance's whereabouts on this day?
Ooohhh! Happy Birthday 🎂!
OH: "I've got the fancies"
RT I got offers from the biggest names in publishing, but didn’t want some book exec without ADHD telling me what I could/cou…
RT Alright Posters, wrap it up. None of us is going to fire off a tweet funnier than "CrowdStrike offers a $10 apology gif…
Never bet against #PostgreSQL!
RT Join us this coming Tuesday (July 30) for our July Meetup with Curtis Blackthorne ( talking about "Co…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Pays Tribute to Nichelle Nichols -
RT Okay, everyone, #kcdc2022 kicks off one week from tomorrow. And the conference agenda officially has 180 out of 180 sessions sch…
The rest of his posts of the thread show him to be a pretentious asshole.
I was going to say they're outright lying through their ass... and then I looked at that thread, and they're just a fracking pretentious asshole. WTF? Spam LinkedIn followers to collect $10k from each of them for "consulting opps"? Go eat glass
Ahh ok makes sense then
PSA; If you want your fourth booster, just tell them you have a severe YAML deficiency
OH: Crypto is the best thing to happen to Watson
Wait... You used "awesomeness" and "In-N-Out" in the same sentence... Something isn't right here
Yeah I love mine
Daaaaamnmmmnnnn 💀⚰️
I thought Tweetdeck went away July 1? I switched to and it's about the same, maybe better.
Thank you so much for your contribution!
How much does a 14" M1 MacBook Pro weigh?
Wait you're at SCaLE?
There isn't one yet, but I believe recorded and it will be available in the near future
Oh the talk seemed to go well, with a lot of great feedback. I think there's a lot of people hungry to be mentored and even to be a mentor.
Our Design Team is amazing!
And special thanks to the following who contributed some great thoughts &amp; info to the talk. Make sure you follow em!
As promised, here are the slides from my talk on Mentorship, and recovering from the end of civilisation at #devopsdaysLA #scale19x
For reference, here's the awesome stickers you can choose from! #scale19x
An absolutely amazing thread from Wesley on #DevRel
Maybe... But you probably need the steps
FFS... Just at me next time would ya?
IT'S SO TERRIBLY GOOD!!
Make sure to stop by the booth at #scale19x, grab some shirts and stickers, learn about CI/CD, and enter to win Sony headphones or LEGO R2-D2!
I'll take 2 slices please
#OHatSCaLE19x: Live tweeting the dinner after the first day of the conference is a violation of my HIPAA rights
Like, we can't take you anywhere
Ben.
Finally....
If you just voted to block aid to veterans sent off to fight in our neverending wars, and then HIGH FIVED ABOUT IT, just resign from the Senate and kindly fuck off
Thanks Chloe!
Congratulations Lina! Great news and a good company!
Now you tell me. And which left?
Thank you for sharing 😢❤️. Thoughts are with you, and hope some resolution can be found soon!
Today's Image of the Day: Zeta Ophiuchi: A Star With a Complicated Past -
Ooohhh!
It works surprisingly well
PSA: If one wants to get on an elevator, one must push the button to call for it
Congratulations and well deserved! 🎉 (Stupid autocorrect on previous tweet)
Seems a little premature, you hadn't even finished yet. How did they know if you did a great job or not? Were they giving you a participation trophy?
He'll buy all the copies so that his "manhood" will be on the bestseller lists
I can't imagine there's anything left to sell after he gave his "manhood" to TFG
He already gave his "manhood" to TFG, I can't imagine there's anything left to sell
RT Just making sure I understand— Republicans are so angry that Democrats are going to pass a bill fighting high healthca…
We shall see lol! First time giving it ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯
RT I'm truly devastated. After getting 84 votes in the Senate less than 2 months ago, the Senate Republicans blocked the PAC…
RT optimise for small events. if someone on your team wants to go to a small event they'll likely make deeper connections there…
And... that's the joke
Happy Birthday Corey!!!
A big reason #whyigotoscale is due to the largely open source community in attendance, and the breadth of available sessions to learn and connect. What is yours? #scale19x
FFS are we just living out various movie themes now?
Today's Image of the Day: Vortices Near Jupiter’s North Pole -
Good dinner with some of the Camunda team at #scale19x
My printer isn't working
Let's do this
OH: On a scale of salmon to catfish, it's not too fishy
Ran into and at the Marriott... Which neither of them are staying at lol
And as long as you haven’t already had COVID in the last 3-6 months. If in that window, the PCR test potentially will still read positive even though you aren’t, which is why the CDC recommends PCR when you first get symptoms, and then rapid tests thereafter.
That’s a nice specimen of a man right there
Mine is always “NSA_CIA-JointTaskForce”
Almost every city I am in has one lol
So at this point, you're "sinless"?
Alright #SCaLE19x and #devopsdaysLA peeps… Who’s in town tonight and wants to try to grab drinks or some dinner?
Well, I'm here already. You're not.
RT For the first time, software development teams can leverage GitLab as their VCS of choice along with the full functionalit…
Yeah, Woodford and OJ is a nice treat
Strikingly similar scene
Yeah Santa Monica's nice. I might do that or just find a bar that hasn't closed yet
So I just landed at LAX for #scale19x and #devopsdaysLA at 830a, and I can't check into my hotel for a few hours... Is it bad form to sleep on the LAX hotel lounge couches? Anyone around to go do something?
I'm kinda (but not?) shocked by how many IT professionals are married to nurses
Or nurse (or former nurse who still is certified)
Lol yeah, with the onset of hard seltzers, companies have started making canned cocktails
I had to go with a gin and tonic
My Delta flight to #scale19x and #devopsdaysLA has run out of Woodford whiskey. Send help.
I too shall join in, but I am staying next door at the Marriott.
RT My wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing him. Went out. Had a few drinks. Nice guy. He's a web designe…
RT It's that time of the year again! Please, while you're reading this, fill out the survey now so you don't forget. If you're…
RT If this isn't exciting news to you, then you've clearly never been to before. You should probably fix that. Join us on…
I can't even.... WTF&gt;
Yes! It's finally here!! #gitlab #cicd #DEVCommunity
Valarie always crushes it!!!
Mary, finger ≠ hotdog
If you're in the #KC area, or will be on August 18th, make sure you RSVP and hit up this first in-person #DevOpsKC meetup in awhile!
Today's Image of the Day: Preparing for the Next Generation of Flight -
Wow. 👏🏻
I rewatched it last year, and it still holds up
Today's Image of the Day: Heading into (Orbital) Sunrise -
What you do with your food is your business.. 🤣😂
Yeah, there wasn't a chalupa emoji so I had to go with the taco
Better than ghost emoji
In no way does that science experiment turn out well
Your brain knew what it needed
There is of course only one answer, since "🌮🦇♂️" is already taken
Wow! Excited for what comes next!
And don't forget the rampant Chlamydia
RT ✨ SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT ✨ 🥳 Meet , Director of DevRel &amp; Community, CircleCI We look forward to seeing you…
They meant "fence", so maybe?
Hah - because of your typo I thought this was a video
RT This is a very powerful way to use urban art
OH: Well I'm on the French
"Wait, wait! Come back! You didn't answer us about the Grey Poupon!"
Today's Image of the Day: Blue Ripples on a Red Planet -
If you haven't signed up yet, register for both #devopsdaysLA and #SCaLE19x at and get to see some amazing talks across both conferences this upcoming weekend! Hope to see you there!
Really looking forward to (and a bit EEK! about) presenting a new talk this week at It's on the importance of mentoring, along with some great crowdsourced principles for mentoring / being mentored! Join me at #devopsdaysLA!
And *technically* the Unlimited PTO keeps them from paying out "unused" since there is no cap. Some GOOD companies make a "mandatory" 2 weeks and the rest unlimited so you get paid what you don't use, and also help push you to take time away
┐(´ー｀)┌ app is showing me it's $14k spend so I don't know. Will see what it says when I get close lol
I think I've seen this called DevTools or Dev Experience in some companies
Yeah, might be $14k for existing members, and those starting out fresh would be $20k - and then they'll unify it at $20k next year
Hah, so the app says $14k spend, but the website says $20k spend
Yep, solid all around. And I'm excited for a potential sequel.
Yeah, me neither. But when it's free.... ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
You for time to catch up
Will be there by the end of the year! Lol
Only 24 nights left for that, and they're mostly already scheduled (probably hit before KubeCon)
Well, well, well... Hit Platinum this year with Marriott (thanks to some bonus nights), and will be Delta Diamond in a few weeks. 🔥🎉
Followed it up, because evidently it's baseball day on with "Moneyball", and my allergies continue to be really bad. "How can you not be romantic about baseball?" -Billy Beane
Yeah, that is hard.. The Cure The Smiths The Police
Watching "Field of Dreams", and it never ceases to evoke such emotion of watching baseball as a kid. "The one constant throughout all the years has been baseball."
Hubby needs to grow a pair, stand up to his mother, and have his wife's back. WTF?
Oh yeah, I'm ready!
Aww, congrats! Love you both!
It's 101°, our neighbors two doors down have about 25 people over for a pool party, they have a shaved ice truck, and we're still waiting on our invitation
Well, and solar is only about 25% avg production capacity, whereas nuclear is 95%+
Happy Birthday Katy! 🎉🧁
I've only logged in to use Marketplace when finding my daughter a car, and then haven't opened it back up again. Had the same reaction myself.
Great thread on the nuclear waste "problem"
This weekend we're drinking a good Guatemalan coffee from While not an Antiguan (even though it's grown high enough), it carries a nice aroma in the grind, and a balanced sweetness in the cup. Definitely enjoying it so far. via
Maybe leave New Jersey and head to Pennsylvania?
Do we need to plan a camping trip?
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 10: That’s All Folks!
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 7: climax of My Heart Will Go On
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 1: Chariots of Fire #January6thCommitteeHearing
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 2: Benny Hill Theme
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 4: Sir Robin Theme from Monty Python + the Holy Grail
RT Josh Hawley running away to a variety of soundtracks. Pt. 5: Obligatory Kate Bush
But in which order?
Hah, I actually think I remember that!
Yeah, the Russo's really outdid themselves! I enjoyed it immensely, and Chris Evans as the villain just hit the 🎯
Bwahaha yeah, he could. Better than he doesn't have one though.
Well, from what I gather it's been lower the past few days with no rain. But was 68%+ the last few months
I have had the Pixel 5, 6, and 6 Pro. I like them.
This is what I like about CircleCI. You can use the local CLI to build, validate, and test pipeline jobs in your local dev before pushing the commit
Right? Of course your family and guests are pissed off! Have your own little reception with your friends... Or just have them do it - they obviously enjoy it - but not the entire wedding. And that's not even taking into account the required spend.
Uh, yes. You are. Forcing guests to spend $150-500 to attend your wedding, and then making them use the puppets the whole wedding? FFS...
After spending a week in Seattle with absolutely gorgeous weather, 20° or more cooler, what insanity have I stepped back into? It is 7:20 p.m. and it is still 97°
Ahh, virtual real estates/NFTs... Just love getting Instagram spam from douchenozzle's like Austin
It's resiliency, isn't it?
This is a brilliant feature in Discord!
Well, I kinda feel bad now
RT If you are okay with having Muslim, Jewish and Hindu students sit through a Christian prayer in public school, and not…
What do I win?
Little Caesar's new Tavern style pizza cart
Seems like the approved watch order
Wow! #JW4, coming next March!
Today's Image of the Day: 50 Years of Landsat -
The amount of chlorine in use, and the heat of the water, makes it safe (per a mutual friend)
Wait... Jono is Hans Gruber?
I'm there. And Gareth, I'm disappointed that you would even suggest that you were not going to be there.
Tim.
. is gonna wonder why I laugh every time he says it 🤣😂
I will forever think of this whenever someone says "Roll Tide"
RT A friend told me the new term for Mansplaining: Correctile Dysfunction I died.
I would have said Texas... But yeah. WTF
Ok look forward to seeing you
Biscuit is happy we made it to the end of hump day
This, and also: manager: and you're doing such a great job, I told the Head of Product you could help drive their 3Q customer feedback initiatives
Ah yes... I don't have enough fingers to count the number of vacations I was there for but didn't participate much in because I was fixing printers and defragging drives and reinstalling Windows at Grandma's house.
Dude, yeah get that looked into. When they moved my stomach back to where it was supposed to, it left a volleyball sized cavity in my lung area. Everything moved back to where it was, but get it resolved! Let me know if you want to talk.
It was a few years from diagnosis to having surgery for me. Sleeping was a challenge, with pain in the upper chest (and was a huge contributor to severe sleep apnea, which is definitely not severe anymore) but I rarely struggled with acid reflux. I'm thankful for the surgery.
The perfect community leader
No, the other one.
The biggest changes I have made: - No carbonated bevies (beer is fine) - No eating after 10p (usually 9p tbh), and usually not eating before 9a - Drinking lots of water - Trying to be more active I still have a ways to go &amp; need to get back to the gym, but feel so much better
So it's been 7mo since hiatal hernia surgery. I was 243lbs day of, and I weighed 209lbs this morning, 34 lbs lighter (something something everything in the right place). Feeling so much better and continuing to feel a lot better about myself. (1/2)
Yep, that one.
Oh, of course. Nothing to worry about then.
Wait wait... WHICH story?
Yeah. That about sums it up.
That's good stuff right there
#Harris2024
I refer "August and Everything After", but "Recovering the Satellites" is a close 2nd
And it's been a long (year) and there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last I can't remember all the times I tried to tell myself to hold on to these moments as they pass ......... It's been so long since I've seen the (mountains) I guess I should
Oh yes! gave a great talk on this at #DevOpsDaysKC!
This year it's go down/up a floor.. but process is the same
RT Perfect. Well worth watching. Understand the utter idiocy of the media that is being presented to so many -&gt;
Yeah, influencer marketing on TikTok and Instagram is really hard on flights without WiFi. #kardashianProblems
Yep. If you have a liner, they handle even more cold. That also helps because if it's not as cold you can just lay on top of it (cushioning) and use the liner as the bag.
Totally depends on where I'm camping and what the elements will be. If colder, then I'm down for a mummy bag. I do a lot of hammock camping, so I usually opt for a mummy bag or a down blanket only (or both), depending on how cold.
RT We’re supposed to announce Logan and Deadpool will soon be the first R-rated movies on Disney+. But we all know some D…
Who all is joining me at #scale19x and #devopsdaysLA next week?
RT This must be the greatest typo ever.
Yes! My first hot pot was in Shenzhen with Huawei
Today's Image of the Day: It's CERTAIN -
Hoping to hear soon on if I'm speaking, but I think I'm there regardless
It was so good, and so glad we all could eat together!
Yeah yeah observability is great, but if you ever just unplugged something and waited to see if anybody actually uses it?
RT giving an extremely entertaining lighting talk at about his early DevOps successes. #DevOpsDay…
RT Love the shout-out for DevOps for Dummies by in talk at
It really does make the dream (nightmare) work
Those were wonderfully terrible days. Glad to have a fellow traveler.
RT Really great Ignite going on now from He's got the whole room laughing at Great stories of "D…
RT 1/ Since the Secret Service "surprisingly" "lost" and "can't recover" and "let the dog eat" all of its text messages for…
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 11 Crew Trains for Excursion on the Sea of Tranquility -
I feel like a lot of people choose beaned chili... But In 'n Out would totally ruin it
OH: No, you're a "normal head", I'm a "lumpy head"
The things one does to protect drinks when is around
OH: "You know what would go really well with those chicken wings? A side of cider." everyone. That's who.
Hey how did a cheese curd end up in my "Sea Cider Kings &amp; Spies"?
Excellent cider flight, "All the Single Apples", from
RT NEW: The House just voted 267-157 to codify same-sex marriage after Clarence Thomas said the Supreme Court should move to…
I usually remember there's an agenda and that I should check it. Multiple times. Throughout the weeks before and day(s) of. Because I've forgotten it already.
Let's cleanse that ol' timeline again, shall we?
RT Still looking to help get talk ideas on stage at Dash. Come share something cool you've been building!
Today's Image of the Day: A Supernova's Shockwaves -
OH: Designated survivor, keep alives, and other chaos experiments gone wrong
OH: Chaos engineering for lulz and for profit
Some awesome peeps right there!
RT Someday, God willing, I will attend my children’s weddings, refuse to eat what they serve and demand butter noodles and…
Fantastic thread of a writer watching one of the best movies of all time (and the book is also amazing!), The Princess Bride
RT So, I'm ~200 followers away from 10k. I'd like to reach 10k because I have ideas to do jiujitsu tutorials and inclusive/emotio…
Timeline cleanser!
Today's Image of the Day: A View from Above: Zero Gravity Facility Circa 1966 -
Hey Seattle friends! I'm coming in tomorrow for #DevOpsDaysSEA and I'll be there until Friday! Would love to catch up if you're around.
Kick. Ass. That’s awesome Tim! Congratulations 🎉🍾
So, yeah. This article from 2017, that I just came in contact with as a result of therapy, still rings a bit true…. I’m in this, and yikes….
Emmanuel, DON'T DO IT! 😂🤣
RT Nobody will remember: - Your salary - Your fancy title - How busy you were - How many hours you worked People will rem…
RT 398 days ago, Christian Eriksen suffered a cardiac arrest on the pitch and told paramedics to keep his boots because he didn't…
RT A 10 year old being pregnant is evidence of rape, like no more evidence is needed to prove she was raped.
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Dragon Heads to Station on 25th Resupply Mission -
On tap this week has been this Colombian Los Naranjos from that frankly has grown on me. The molasses is there, which kinda is a putoff, but the raspberry has started to come forward &amp; is 🏆 over ice. I could see this being a good cold brew. (via
Saw #ThorLoveAndThunder last night, and it was really good! The humor from Ragnarok was still there, and the tongue-in-cheek, storyteller involvement w/ GotG in the first bit was so good. There are some great cameos, and the storyline really played. 10/10 would recommend.
I never want to let you down or have you go, it's better off this way
Hmm... Hmm...
Well, if you wanted honesty that's all you had to say
I got the same one... Word for word... 🤔
Congrats Chloe! That's great news, and they're lucky to have you!
Nagios integration
RT Raindrops on ROSEs SCRUM masters with patterns Bright colored PostIts and worn weary whiteboards Searching my YAML with…
RT This is a crime scene. Not an ad.
RT MEN! GROW THE HELL UP!! Conferences ARE NOT dating scenes. PERIOD. FULL STOP. Cornering women is violent predatory…
RT The venn diagram of DevRel &amp; DevX is not a circle. If you are rebranding your DevRel team into DevX without a new charte…
RT Yelling out your YAML frustrations won't fix much, but today it can win you a shirt. Give your laptop the day off &amp; vent to…
RT COVID Update: a new highly mutated variant nicknamed Centaurus (BA2.75) is emerging around the world. Even as BA.5 makes it…
That'd be cool...
The moon looks great tonight. Of course, the pilot and rideshare drivers couldn't keep their respective vehicles still for a good shot. Gonna have to talk to Customer Service about that.
Oh it is very funny
I never would have thought I would be on a #Vuejs website, much less for a talk I gave on DevOps and CI/CD, but here we are with the talk I gave at this year posted on
RT This needs to become a thing of the past. Stop doing this crap. Friends of dudes doing this crap should step in and stop…
They would look so good!
Why does it have to be a pirate ship?
Today's Image of the Day: James Webb Space Telescope Senior Project Scientist John Mather -
Oh, most certainly. All the accolades are most deserved.
TIL what the left pinky toe is for: finding that terribly placed ottoman in this small NYC hotel room at 3a in the morning
Oh?
Yeah, you did.
No record of this
He's with me.
A wild gaggle of showed up on the rooftop tonight
It's an AWS event.... So...
Terrible marketing idea
I did think about it... But then I did the other DevRel thing and called a lifeline to escort me through security 😂🤣
Sadly yeah....
It was not. Also, had a teammate come get me and escort me through security like a baller. 🤣😂
I did the baller equivalent and had a teammate come get me and walk me through security
So it is 11a, and the registration lines for #AWSSummit NYC are insanely stupid. We go down, and loop around multiple times to then come back up.
RT As you may have heard The James Webb Space Telescope will be releasing "data from its first five targets" on Tuesday. I'm no…
Today's Image of the Day: President Biden and the World Preview Webb Telescope's First Image -
RT HUBBLE vs JWST: Here's the difference. Welcome to a new era of astronomy.
No I get it. Sadly, society is in a different place than it was when we finally eradicated smallpox in 1979 (which I just find out likely was around for 3000 years)
J, jerm, jerdog
Timeline cleanser
Give them enough time, they'll say the quiet part out loud (Original video via at
Heading out Wednesday early evening
RT Vim user in training
I'm here for AWS Summit... 🤔
Last time I was in NYC was early March 2020, and I left a few days before the city shut down. It is good to be back.
RT White folks: If you have BIPOC or otherwise marginalized co-workers who are always the outspoken one in meetings, and you agr…
Today's Image of the Day: Behold: The Carina Nebula's 'Mystic Mountain' -
I'll be there and at the CircleCI booth. Will be good to see you both again.
Or his blunt he dropped
Oh no! I'm so sorry for your loss Katy! 😢💔🧸
RT conservative evangelical parents were SO terrified of raising liberals that they inadvertently raised a bunch of radical lef…
You be safe
Yeah it's endemic now, joining all the other coronaviruses 🫤
Finally got around to finishing #StrangerThings4 and I think it really came into its own and was really good, setting up the final season. 10/10 still recommend
It's so. Damn. Good.
RT and I’m here, to remind you of the grass you left when you went away… 😂
What in the hell...?
Love my Pixel 6 Pro! Took these last weekend
Nice timeline cleanser!
Hammocks are the best, especially if you get a good, rip stop parachute fabric, double sized one. You must have one
RT I just want to see what the timeline would be if Al Gore was declared the winner in 2000. I feel like there are definitely th…
Yeah, assigned seats are the best and only way to go
Yeah, I can use non-official cables but they have to be high quality
Ben, how long you in SEA? I'll be there a week from tomorrow, and it would be awesome to finally meet in person!
What Jess said
Yeah and I'm intrigued.
That looks amazing! Would have mistaken that for a Thanksgiving sweet potato casserole!
Thank you for the clarification
Why have I not tried this before?
Wow... did you do this? Really looks like you Original (
RT If you’re going to go on Fox, this is how you do it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! 🎉🧁🎂
Just at me already
British bidet
"Chiswick Bidet"
Don't want to be called a fascist, don't do fascist things. Don't want to be called extremist, don't do extremist things. Seems pretty simple. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Free showers
And people say Kung Foo Panda was NOT a documentary
RT It doesn't matter if protesters interrupt his meal because Brett Kavanaugh believes dinner begins at reservation
Gonna go out on a limb &amp; say that given your initial reply &amp; the typical excuses/apology that follow such a thing, maybe you _shouldn't_ be a mediator for people in an abusive relationship. I can't imagine the terrible advice &amp; harm you're causing with the evidence on display.
And took you 3+ hrs to fix it? Or you didn't know there was an issue with it until people saw it &amp; called you out? The fact you said any of it at all to someone who's done amazing things for the community and is a non white dude in tech, says a lot. /smdh
This is hilarious... And accurate too
And you can come visit me in my Italian villa overlooking Corsica
What the..? Like, that dude has serious "I stand on the street corner and yell out of context Bible verses about the end of the world to parked cars and trees just sitting and minding their own damn business" vibes
Can't wait!!
Yep and those were rally beasts
I had some friends back in the early 2000's who had one &amp; modded it up pretty nicely. That was when I had my 1989 Supra Turbo... Man I miss that beast. It looked exactly like this (I probably have a pic of it in an old HDD somewhere). [removing Jill so we don't clog mentions]
Fine.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I remember the old WRX's, and how much fun those were... I can't imagine! Now I wanna go test drive one.
Right? I occasionally went there, even thought about posting things in the past, but yeah that ship has sailed. Major douchenozzle
Same. We shall find each other!
YESSSS
YES! It's been way too long Jen!
It is free... 😜 But I'll reach out!
Who all is going to #AWSSummit NYC next week? I'll be in NYC Mon to Wednesday, hit me up or come by the CircleCI booth and say hello.
A lot of things have water in them, so I shall take your advice. And same to you Christina!
Cody wins the internets today
I would let Cody
That's good. Well done.
Overall I prefer the Bottomless subscription ( because of the variety of roasters and regions, but for one-offs Rwanda Bean was good.
What in the hell kinda disrespectful bullshit you spewing?
Wow. So, I guess we should start looking for a different place than with this shit response.
Fair.
This really looks interesting!
The coffee I've been drinking this week, while not via the normal distribution method, is a really good single origin light roast Rwandan that I picked up recently in Portland, Maine. The roaster, gives back 50% of profits to the farmers in Rwanda! Highly recommend!
They're using it everywhere. Love it!
Aww puppy loves you!!
First two db companies that came to mind were Mongo and Planetscale... I always forget Cockroach
And the third and fourth that come to mind are and
Pinging the first to come to mind and then there's
RT 📣 TODAY'S THE DAY 📣 Get your tickets for MagnoliaJS 2022 TODAY! Limited numbers of discounted early bird tickets are a…
Wow this is some valuable insight, and something to always remind myself.
RT who is Jenna Ellis? Asking for everyone
Yep. I have called it Charbucks for years
Yeah still waiting over here, but also usually late to the beta testing since I'm on Android ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
I love working at CircleCI. I spent my wellness day with my daughter as we took a college visit to see a school she might go to next year. We are hiring too!
My daughter is driving &amp; so is playing music of her choice. She usually has good taste (she's my daughter), but is currently playing someone called Yung Gravy and the song "Betty (Get Money)". I might have to take back everything hopeful I have said about the next generation.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots a Merging Galactic Gem -
RT An Irish politician puts America on blast for not being a functioning democracy
Just hearing #MyChemicalRomance (finally) new single... It's really good. Can't wait for this album.
RT 🚨 DevRel job opportunity If you’re a developer advocate in the US or EU and looking for your next gig, RapidAPI is hiring fo…
Congrats Rich! That's awesome and so well deserved!
Today's Image of the Day: Countdown to the Webb Telescope's First Images -
RT
So, life got in the fucking way and I won't be able to see #DeadpoolandWolverine until sometime this weekend, so if any of you motherfuckers spoil it for me, you'll be dead to me.
It depends... If it's a multiple track conference then the keynotes should be 15 or 30min. If it's a single track then should be slightly more than the regular talks.
RT Republican women: your vote is a secret. Your husband doesn’t have to know.
It's so good! #MALA
RT President Venn Diagram
RT My latest for I share my thoughts on the CrowdStrike outage from a comms perspective and explain why continge…
Quite honestly, I feel like it should be household/family member. If anyone can materially benefit from the information that someone in Congress has, then they should be excluded. It's too easy for someone in positions of power to pass info on.
I was honoured to be asked to speak at and join an already amazing group of speakers and their talks. Thanks again to the organizers and volunteers for their hard work and devotion! I'm already scheming how to volunteer next year! Playlist:
I would say it's entirely different from employees, because we aren't privy to national security info (for instance), or the real data on a pandemic, or we can't make laws that can influence the entire stock market, not just one company.
RT The last three weeks have been a hell of a year.
When you're in a melancholy mood, what is your go to album? I have a few, but I consistently turn to one of the best (IMHO) albums of the 1990s, "August and Everything After". After the last week, it's a salve for my soul, with last year's live re-release being 🫰
Thank you to the organizers and volunteers, and especially for putting on what I think was the best #devrelcon. I'm already looking forward to next year.
After a good few days at #DevRelCon where it was great to reconnect with #DevRel and #Community friends (and make new ones), and hear some valuable content, I was caught in the global IT debacle and rebooked a day later. Finally heading home this morning.
Look out for Sanger's girl, and aqua dump
We all test in production, but a lot of us also test in environments prior to getting to production.
Here in NYC for DevRelCon! Are you stuck stuck? Come hang if you are!
RT
I just can't get enough of #Shoresy... I've seen the season at least 5 times and it's just so good.
You're on the right track!
Might seem wrong... But hear me out. The flavors actually complement each other, and it's not uncommon to see a citrus + espresso combo as part of a signature drink at Barista competitions.
I will treat you well
There's a possibility I make it, but only for the first day and then would have to leave early on the 2nd day for #strangeloop
This is so good! How would one acquire 1 or 10 of these?
Well done Todd! That's awesome, and great work!
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I am most likely missing ... And I'm not happy about it. 🥺
Guess I will see you at both places!
Good thread for anyone, especially journalists, when interviewing a Chief of Police
I've seen all the Mummy movies... I don't think this turns out the way they want it to
Today's Image of the Day: Become a Jovian Vortex Hunter! -
RT Airlines may offer you points or miles as compensation for a canceled flight. When deciding whether to accept (miles are…
So many things. I love how diverse the company is (cultures, viewpoints, LGBTQIA+, etc) &amp; always trying to be better. Also love how I got to see a leadership team since early 2020 step up &amp; really care &amp; LEAD the company &amp; we've not had to do any layoffs &amp; continue growing.
That's like comparing apples and Bentley's. Sometimes I want a pizza, and sometimes I want a Bentley. Both are good at different times. But only one is "Chicago style"
And of course... he deleted his tweet. Must have been too early in the week to become the main subject of Twitter. 😠
🧡 or 💚
Yeah, that's a lot of gatekeeping right there. I've been in tech full time for 27+ years, covering just about every functional area including Support, Sys &amp; Net Admin, Application Developer, Program Manager, and Business / Systems Analyst, DevRel, etc. I do not have a degree.
I mean, I imagine it's just you passing out handheld mirrors and having us all look at ourselves? And yes, I'd attend.
Assuming flight is leaving at 11a, meaning boarding begins at 1015a. I fly out of MCI (Kansas City) so I arrive at 1000a, get through security and walk right on the plane as they're calling First Class / Diamond.
RT In Ukraine, rescuers found a group of puppies underneath the rubble of a destroyed building. When they looked closer, they s…
I'm not good at coding, but I'm also not good at DevRel, so I'm probably not a good person to ask 😭. Being able to relate &amp; be empathetic with your audience is important &amp; step 1. How technical you are will depend on the Product/Tool. Your day is full of context switching.
It depends. 😁 I've done both, so... ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
Networking is hard. Sometimes even for extroverts. I would learn how you learn best, and then I still think you're gonna need to take that first step and try to make a connection. Welcome any replies here though! Any other suggestions?
Starting off with a BANGER I see... I'm assuming "onion" bagel, so definitely lox on pumpernickel
Absolutely. Feel free.
Don't know why I torture myself, but why not. Ask me anything.
Hah, well, it depends. 😂🤣😭😂 Understanding what you want to focus on will help with the different paths to follow.
RT We’re still in desperate need of more volunteers for Beer City Code 2022! If you’re willing to help, please contact us fo…
"This principle that the earth belongs to the living, and not to the dead, is of very extensive application and consequences, in every country,"
Some really great quotes here.. "Then I say the earth belongs to each of these generations, during it’s course, fully, and in their own right. The 2d. generation receives it clear of the debts and incumberances of the 1st. the 3d of the 2d. and so on."
Gonna be a giggly trip down memory lane for me, and a painful reminder for others. Let's go!
Ohh!! Can't wait to hear more!
Yep! This came from a letter Jefferson wrote to Madison in 1789. He addresses the subject of the letter at the beginning: "Whether one generation of men has a right to bind another" Here's the quote in question (19 years, not 20, but semantics, right?):
And the ladies (and ??) knew to stay away
Way to enable procrastination
Still waiting on my invite. I knew USPS was getting bad, but didn't know it was THAT bad.
This week is a 3-day work week: yesterday was 4th of July, and Friday is a corporate wellness day. YAY! Past me chose violence against current me, and chose to pack 5 days of work into those 3. Would someone's past them please slap past me? Hard? Repeatedly?
I don't think these are the images that my therapist suggested I look for around emotions, but I think they'll do 🤣😂😭
Today's Image of the Day: Orbital Sunset Over Brazil -
Really looking forward to speaking at in November! Make sure you register soon!
Almost like it just finished the Kessel Run
Probably need to up the chlorine mixture
Preemptive welcome to KC!!
Yeah, they're much worse than the DQ cherries that always seem right on the edge of firmentation
It's a good test of that 1:1 interaction
RT Highland Park is a Chicago suburb. It's not in the city. It's a wealthy white suburb. Republican. Chicago isn't respo…
Oh no! Hope you feel better soon!
RT We currently have 69 ( 🙄 for the obvious jokes that are coming down the pipeline ) sponsors for Freedom We…
RT When your programme works, but you have no idea why. That is why I accepted unknown magic :P
FFS.. such violence on this free site
The mascot's feet were near-ish to the circle, so obviously a charge
Never missed a beat. A true hero.
RT We made a Fourth of July playlist... 🇬🇧💔🇺🇸
RT Happy Fourth of July, and to those not celebrating, I’m here for you too. Freedom means you are free not to engage i…
I need to see if Notion has a testing lab here in KC
A new week, a new coffee via This time it's a Guatemala Antigua from Notion Coffee in KC. The fresh ground aroma does have a sweetness to it, and it's very smooth in the cup. I bet it would be good over ice as well 🤔!
RT 1/ Dear Republicans: We Tried Your Way and It Does Not Work (a thread):
This 🧵 is everything that the GOP &amp; their political SCOTUS have been positioning. Every case so far has stripped the rights of the People &amp; power of the Federal Government to keep the States in line. This is not overreacting. If you think so, you haven't been paying attention.
RT All persons born or naturalized in US subject to its jurisdiction are citizens of the US and the state they live in. N…
Hmm well considering this is actually a millennial bingo card, it just means you're a millennial
YESSSS!
RT This final season of America has been absolutely amazing. I mean, it starts with an attack on the capital and ends with a new…
Oh that's nice lookin
Mmm what's that?
That's all well and good - but I'm quite sure ETH has taken a look at his stats, the games played vs games in physio, and he'll end up riding the bench all season until his contract runs down (ala Phil Jones). I would wager Bailly is sold in the January window.
That's the only math joke I have accumulated
That's awesome. Like, literally amazing and you deserve that 🏆!
So, average?
We should do a CircleCI/Cypress workshop Jess
That cocaine is really hitting you hard there... Maybe slow your snort?
C'mon Alex... "reply-to:YOUR BUTT" was right there....
I dialed a bunch of them without realizing it when I was dialing BBSs to download "trial" software in the late 80s
Yep, we had a Brad
I didn't graduate from DARE (homeschooled) and I never got a piercing
I didn't graduate from DARE (homeschooled) and I never got a piercing
Wait Jess are you going?
That's still a thing? It was terrible a long time ago
Better snag Matty while you can! It's not often that someone with his extensive experience in #DevRel and #DevOps comes available, and he's one of the greats!
Holy shit... that was painful to watch
RT One of biggest learnings for me was the importance of architecture to get great outcomes, both in DevOps and in any engine…
Never seen them either... but the ticket prices... YIKES!
Which one of us is opening the gofundme bail fund?
RT ✨CALL for SPEAKERS is now open!✨ ✅ Modern Frontends Live! 📆 November 17-18, 2022 🌍 London Have something interesting…
Growing up I liked Rage, but primarily in the rebellion center of my conservative upbringing. It's been the last 20 years that I have viewed them through a whole new light for the protest and platform they embody. This performance from 2010 is awesome and on repeat.
Today's Image of the Day: Making a Picture-Perfect Landing -
RT
RT Oooh, CircleCI is finally rolling out support for GitLab! I've been wanting to #GiveUpGitHub ever since Copilot, but…
So I've previously asked for: - wins/failures, and how we can do better around mentorship, and - words of advice for someone being mentored Now I would appreciate your thoughts on words of advice for the mentor that might have not already been mentioned. Please RT for reach.
I got you
I know, I know. I need to get there.
RT Fuck you I won't do what you tell me
RT How to suck at your religion
RT so everyone sees the 2024 coup happening in slow motion, right?
Yep!
I love this &amp; hate this all at the same time. Kansas City is a hidden gem, &amp; I'm glad that it's getting the recognition that it deserves. But I also hate this because y'all should stay away. 😂🤣😭 But seriously, come visit &amp; I'll show you around town.
RT If the United States saw what the United States is doing in the United States, the United States would invade the United Stat…
Today's Image of the Day: OMG: The Beauty of Ice -
Today's Image of the Day: The Perfect Landing -
RT SCOTUS has gone all-in on legislating from the bench. The amount of precedent overturned in the last week is shocking.…
This is so amazing
This made my day! needs to be playing LOUD on repeat outside the Supreme Court.
Shawnee location. The music diversified a bit, but was still solid while we ate.
Donald Trump is no longer President.
RT In our 2022 State of Software Delivery report, we found that the median duration for a #CICD workflow was 3.7 minutes. Our be…
RT Women and families don't see abortion as their best and only option, they end up being there when all the other options are alr…
He does know a ban would apply to him, right? Oh that's right... Doesn't apply to "conservatives"
This is getting all the feels today as they're playing a solid 90s alt rock playlist. I arrived and it was "Follow You Down" by and then followed up by "Let Her Cry" by
/hat tip
Today's Image of the Day: Turquoise Plumes in the Large Magellanic Cloud -
Good 🧵 on paths Congress can take to hold the Supreme Court in check as was intended
RT Fifty three years ago, a movement was born at the Stonewall Inn. Today, we celebrate the generations of LGBTQI+ people who have…
RT The people who STILL defend Trump (who attempted to march with armed insurrectionists to stage a coup at the US Capito…
That's great, it starts with an earthquake...
RT I still want to see the United States restore the rank and rightful benefits for Col. Alexander Vindman.
RT We also should not be petitioning a government to “grant” us control over our bodies and our selves. These rights are…
Uh.. are you serious?
I can't believe he doesn't know this. I have to believe then that he is intentionally misleading his audience.
RT It is now right to say *Trump himself* was a violent insurrectionist on January 6. He *assaulted a federal agent* trying…
The bestest cat of all cats
I will of course take it
RT This is an abortion rights tweet, and this is also a trans rights tweet. Abortion rights and trans rights are unequivo…
RT BREAKING: We just won a temporary restraining order protecting early abortion access in Texas for now. Every day that clinics ca…
Damn... just got my card, and this fucking thing is so nice.
And seems really on point that it reads like some DnD player card "possession of good mastery of manual dexterity and academic proficiency" .....
The beagles practice synchronized sleeping
RT So which conservative states that are banning abortion are going to improve their foster care systems? This is not a rhet…
Today's Image of the Day: CAPSTONE Launches for Lunar Orbit -
RT I’ve lived during ten different decades in America. The economy comes and goes, is up, is down. But our fundamental free…
RT The road to fascism is lined with people telling you to stop overreacting.
Fellow Kansans... On August 2nd, stand up for anyone who can become pregnant and their rights. Stand up for human rights. Vote NO to allow for them to make the choice they damn well want to for THEM, THEIR health, and THEIR well-being. #ksleg
RT I’ve said it once, and I’ll say it a thousand times: The treatment for an ectopic pregnancy, a septic uterus, or a miscar…
RT Maybe someday, women in America will have as many rights as guns do.
Hah, well I'm on the single origin rotation, but Methodical does have a fair number of coffees at Bottomless!
Colombian coffee is generally your standard cup of coffee, with very little depth of character in the brew. This coffee from however has a really great aroma when ground which hints at vanilla, with a subtle sweetness in the cup. I'm a fan. via
OMG that's right! Happy birthday Quintessence!!
I enjoyed 's "Old Man's War" series, as well as "The Interdependency" series
But your eyebrows and beard are OK? Just asking the question everyone was thinking.
There have been a few things posted which I'll put here which list out some ways forward:
RT It doesn’t matter whether someone needs an abortion or if they want one. It should be legal regardless of the reason. Ma…
Looking good though... We redid our deck back in the fall as a composite, and just LOVE it.
RT A broken system is when 4 Justices nominated by Presidents who lost the popular vote, confirmed by a Senate who represent…
Growing up in the church, I saw this firsthand. I had a few friends who got pregnant, made the decision to have the baby, &amp; were in turn treated like the OP here. It's a small wonder that so many leave the church after hypocritical, despicable behavior like this. I'm so sorry.
I really want to respond with a hystericallaughing.gif to this, but it's so sad and so true all at the same time. I really worry about where we are headed.
RT NO DONATIONS UNTIL LEGISLATION.
RT I'm basically a CascadiaJS bot atm, and I'm totally cool with it. 😁 Check out the cool talks you could be attending at Cascadi…
RT A place where people do not even have control over their own bodies cannot rightfully be called a “democracy.”
RT 3 months today ❤ #Taylorhawkins #FooFighters
Only when you do Typescript
RT If religion gets to be part of politics then religious organizations should be paying taxes.
RT Telling people today to vote in November is a little bit like hearing someone is hungry right now and responding: "Thank…
RT do NOT donate to politicians asking for money because of roe v wade being overturned right now. donate it to abortion fund…
Thank you for this! I wanted to make sure you're OK with me using this in my talk?
Thanks for sharing! Are you good with me using this in my talk?
RT Friends, please be very careful about the things you post. Treat every tweet as if it would be read back to you in court
Getting rid of the filibuster is the obvious first step.
Then do something about it. Expand the Court to 13 justices (same # as circuit courts currently) just like what was done in 1837 when circuit courts were expanded to 9. Take away the obvious political extremism that has corrupted the Court &amp; restore the faith in the institution.
And to think, it used to just be TFG who would cause us to be the laughingstock. SMDH
Damn... this explains so much Ken.
WHAT IN THE HELL?
RT Women’s rights are human rights.
RT My heart aches for so many people who needed care today. For all the providers who have to send people home. For all the…
If you're looking for a way to contact your "representatives" in Congress or local, a quick and easy way is Text RESIST to 50409 or via Apple Messages, Telegram, Twitter, or Messenger. Find out more at
And their mistresses, and their kid's mistresses, and the mistresses of their friend's who donate money, and the Koch brothers, and...
This is insane. DO. IT. NOW!!! The GOP WOULD NOT hesitate to act immediately, and yet you're going to wait until NEXT MONTH?
Oh, haven't you heard? State's rights are only applicable when they want them to be. /smdh
Word. ✊🏻
Sadly, that's true.
Oh yeah, it's going to get way worse for everyone.
RT
CONGRATS 🎉🎉🎉
RT To boil it down to the bare essence: SCOTUS yesterday: states have no right to restrict guns. SCOTUS today: states h…
RT If a pro-life politician crowing about today’s decision ever paid for your abortion and it feels like the right time to tal…
RT Stating the obvious: but so everyone is clear. It is *absolutely* the case that the very first legislative priority of a R…
And if you are looking for a job, here's a non-referral-coded link to jobs at CircleCI. I don't care if I don't get the referral - now isn't the time to try and make money off of people finding a new job.
And if you are looking for a job, here's a non-referral-coded link to jobs at CircleCI. Now's not the time to try and make money off of people needing to find a job where their whole self, and the healthcare decisions they want to make, is respected.
Same here.
Right now, I couldn't be happier that I work at and that our policies are inclusive and empathetic, and we will continue to maintain equitable access to healthcare for all employees.
RT For the love of god, politically interested people, when your friends and family ask what can be done about the Supreme…
RT My wife just told me about the Auntie Network on reddit: "A place to help anyone who has a uterus." Giving it a signal boost…
Permission granted
I will now be spending more money at
RT The same SCOTUS that said yesterday that states don’t have the ability to regulate guns today gave states the power to r…
I would think is very concerned, but at this point I think it's just a performance
RT The fact that FIVE PEOPLE can tell 167,500,000 women in America what they can and cannot do with their own bodies is a f*…
RT The difference between now and the last time that abortion was illegal in the United States is that we live in an era of unpre…
👇💯👇
RT We are TUNED IN 🎙️ Listen to the tracklist for #DeadpoolAndWolverine on the Deadpool Official Playlist, only on Get…
RT When Newhart guest-starred on THE SIMPSONS, they shut down production so the entire writers room could watch him record h…
RT Unconference round 2 we're talking about metrics and not-Twitter #devrelcon
RT Just figured out my code was not working because I forgot a semicolon. Ah, the joys of being a developer. Now accepting su…
Swift’s talk at #DevRelCon shares and walks through a framework that he’s put together to fill out strategy and activities for different stages (Startup, Growth, and Mature), along with some hot takes for DevRel in 2024. The slides (with the framework) are in the pic.
Keynote for Day 2 at #DevRelCon NYC 2024 is Mike Swift from with “From Stocks to Stacks: Economics Lessons for DevRel” and applying finance theory to your #DevRel strategies.
RT Twitter is still up because Elmo is too cheap to buy Crowdstrike.
RT Me: Sorry, I don’t have those KPI updates for you because of the Crowdstrike outage. Boss: None of our systems were affec…
Other things Tiffany has learned was through connections at DockerCon, and bringing others to jobs she was involved in and helping to learn. The key point is taking the opportunities you have, utilizing connections, and building up your experience and helping others grow.
Through that she found what Twitter used to be and built connections to get a DA job at AWS. She learned about Kubernetes and the CNCF community and was able to turn that into a role at VMWare in the container services team and focusing on #opensource. - at #devrelcon
The final lightning talk this morning at Day 2 of #DevRelCon NYC is with “Code, Coffee, and Connections”. She turned connections she made through college into a SWE job at Intel.
The next lightning talk at #DevRelCon NYC 2024 Day 2 is Xe from about “Guerilla event planning at bigger conferences” and how they’ve have had great success doing side events at conferences, great exclusive stickers, and “nerd-sniping” developers to get engagement.
RT We’ve waited a very long time for this. #DeadpoolAndWolverine ❤️💛
The full #devrelcon demo is built out with sample code from the LLM. Craig was very specific about what he wanted to build, and conversational about ways to modify the app and to theme it around NYC. Craig says he does this a lot while driving 😂🦾. Pretty cool demo idea.
Using ChatGPT4 on his phone, Craig has a conversation with the LLM about showcasing augmented creativity, and how to build out a live, reaction-based complex app using websockets, Cloudflare workers, and durable objects. -Craig Dennis at #devrelcon
Kicking off Day 2 of #DevRelCon NYC 2024 is Craig Dennis (from with a lightning talk (and live demo) about “Augmented Creativity: In the Loop with AI for Lightning-Fast Demos”
RT Good morning let's start today's unconference with a Crowdstrike support sesh? #devrelcon
RT Happy #PrideMonth from all of us at CircleCI. 🏳️‍🌈We want to take this moment to give a HUGE shoutout to our first ERG, Queer…
RT I’d like to thank all of the people who thought there was no difference between Hillary and Trump, the women who voted for…
So you're also saying that making whisky is continuous integration and delivery. I endorse all these things.
RT Render was created to build a table that has a seat for everyone; where discussions that would impact all for the greater go…
RT To all the men who told us to not worry, who told us that Roe was safe, who said we were “overreacting” and that everyth…
RT SCOTUS made a decision that was anti-pro choice and anti-American, it's not unfathomable that they will start restricting mo…
Well, there's "whipped cream" but that must come sooner in the process before it gets to this. That's evidently a more advanced cream.
RT Codify Roe in federal law. Confirm more pro choice Justices. Win legislatures in unexpected places. Fight fight fight.
RT Supreme Court Justices have proven they’re “supreme” in the same way as a Taco Bell Burrito Supreme: they’re easy to buy a…
I'm so sorry to all my non-male friends &amp; acquaintances who are affected by this #SCOTUS, The Federalist Society, the Koch's, &amp; for the first half of my life that I enthusiastically supported the tactics the GOP have used to get here, impacting gens to come. I vow to fight them.
RT When they go low and you go high, you often get dickpunched. Sad and worrying day for the USA.
😟🤬😥😡😢🤬☹️😡🥺🤬😢😡😢🤬
RT Across the country, states have already passed bills restricting choice. If you're looking for ways to respond,
RT Today, the Supreme Court not only reversed nearly 50 years of precedent, it relegated the most intensely personal decision…
So let me get this right... Guns aren't a state's rights issue, but what a woman does with her own body is? This has been a very sad week in SCOTUS rulings, and they really just put the nail in the coffin at the end of it. Fuck #SCOTUS and all those who said we were overreacting.
Yeah, this was in that line which made me giggle a bit more
Then I'm sure you'll testify under oath, right?
Just went through the lines yesterday evening, and they're loudly proclaiming "max 3.4oz I'm a bottle, all liquids in one Ziploc bag". I'm chuckling because I had multiple over 3.4oz and in 3 different bags.
Today's Image of the Day: CAPSTONE Slated for Launch Into Lunar Orbit -
And who were in that secret meeting in December _and_ January 3… Loving that they named names.
RT 131/ REP. ADAM KINZINGER (R-IL): "I’m still worried that not enough has changed to prevent this from happening again." I…
RT I disagree with Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger on almost everything. But the common ground we stand on is preservation of t…
Yeah you've really gone downhill
This is hilarious, given how long this rule has been in effect (16 years). Even more hilarious is how often it's not enforced and liquids up to 5oz are allowed through.
Another great 🧵 from a flight attendant
Can confirm.
I get fyre festival vibes...
An amazing story and background... I'm gonna need to get me a bottle now! "Formerly Enslaved Black Man Nearest Green Taught Jack Daniel Everything He Knew About Whiskey. Today, the Founder of Uncle Nearest Premium Whiskey Celebrates His Legacy."
RT Those of you avoiding #BuzzLightyear are doing the right thing. I saw it in a theater last night and I’m still processin…
Today's Image of the Day: Mirrors Aligned: Webb Telescope’s First Full-Color Images Due in July -
This is the beginning of many a sci-fi/horror flick...
A great 🧵 of tips from an actual flight attendant
Great thread Rachel, and so full of amazing tips! Thank you so much!
Finally going back through these... WOW! Amazing insights here Beth! Thank you!
Yes. Because it's your job. You can do it.
Laura is so good at doing this, and it's one of her superpowers.
Mother can confirm
They're probably the most expressive thing about you
I have had my standing desk for over 5 years and love it
A potato
Yep, very acceptable. It would also derail meetings as everyone would be looking at the adorable baby, thus accomplishing more than the meeting itself.
Every House Republican voted against a bill to stop the gas companies from price gouging... But, you already knew that.
I said what I said
RT Copilot should offer a $5 per month tier that suggests slightly buggier code.
Today's Image of the Day: A Sea of Stars Like Sequins -
And... Request has been made.
Yeah, I have the Platinum card and I'm figuring out how to upgrade now too
I hope so.
I'm so sorry Ben. 💔
RT How do countless companies w competing interests work together to build &amp; maintain open source software? How do they pl…
RT Protesters show up outside SCOTUS homes &amp; suddenly Congress gives them high priced security. A 70 year old black poll w…
Good, because that's about the only thing that flies out of BUR
RT Call me crazy but maybe the “abnormal lifestyle” is being concerned with the sex lives of consenting adults and the geni…
Welp.
I'm so sorry Amara. I would have done it, or found someone to take my place.
I was a big ball of emotion throughout
Yep.
Yeah, was only a matter of time. I've used it a few times and it's awesome but not sure I would pay $10/mo.
That's awesome! I love Berlin! I'm assuming you saw the Berlin Holocaust Museum? Its outdoor display is so striking.
Seems the gangs all here then
Lol I did the same thing when I first watched it, and laughed at some of the obvious "fuck you Yank" 😂🤣
Lucky us
Today's Image of the Day: Viewing the Color of Space -
That's a great point, and maybe a paradigm shift for some!
If you also have a word of advice for someone who is being mentored, I would love to hear it in replies below. Please RT for reach
You know how cramped those seats are
I was sitting down.
Yeah! Here with family celebrating my parent's 50th wedding anniversary.
I love Clear (+PreCheck). Especially when I get those looks from people standing in TSA PreCheck waiting while I go ahead of them like a pretentious asshole.
RT Abbott is hoping Texans don't see his extreme agenda that the Republican party just endorsed. Let's make sure everyone do…
And "Sweet Caroline"... A fitting end to a great night
You know it
RT BREAKING: Multiple officers were inside Robb Elementary School with rifles and at least one ballistic shield at 11:52 a.m.…
RT All of y'all calling on the GOP to shame Greitens out of the race underestimate both Greitens and the GOP. McConnell n…
Well all of it combined too. 💔
Oh Julia! I'm so sorry! This is terrible, and NOT ok. 😥🥺
And my sister captured my ballpark dance moves
49" Samsung Curved Ultrawide
Wow! The night we came is when they inducted Manny Ramirez into your Red Socks Hall of Fame, with David Ortiz welcoming him in and then Manny throwing him the first pitch! LUCKY!
Damn, I'm not a Red Sox fan, and not much of a baseball fan anymore, but that opening video for the Red Sox and Fenway Park sure gets you in the feels
Yeah my 14yo is struggling
Finally made it to a game at Fenway Park!
Boom. That's the tweet.
A must read thread
RT You know, sometimes I think community work is fairly straight forward. You have to listen. Be up front. Earn trust. Commu…
I'm so sorry. I'm rooting for Stacy, and hope there's change coming.
OK Computer is about the only Radiohead album I really like. Everything else is just meh.
Wait, they made another album? 🤣😂
Wait... Why did I not know you were coming to MY TOWN for once? Things gonna be LIT! I'm gonna throw some after party I think.
RT If Mike Pence is going to be praised for not stealing an election, I’d like to get some acknowledgement that I drove by…
Promise? I feel like this might make more people vote for Abrams 👍👍
RT If you don’t want to work remote, don’t. But shut up about other people requiring it for themselves. It shouldn’t be h…
RT Juneteenth is a day of power—a chance to celebrate our history and our triumphs, our resilience and our struggle.
Sphincter clench
Yeah. Nothing induces panic like thinking you're gonna be visible to the entire plane while you're dropping trou
Happy Birthday Tierney!
I'm happy to say that I have a flawless record of not being kicked out of Delta Sky Lounges. I'm also realistic when I say that today may be the day. My family is traveling, &amp; in the lounge before joining up with extended family, my teenagers are playing with their food.
RT Today, I hope you’ll take some time to celebrate and learn more about Juneteenth. Here are some ways to recognize this imp…
RT We remember that even in the darkest hours, there is cause to hope for tomorrow’s light. Let us all recommit ourselves tod…
RT Juneteenth is a time to commemorate the anniversary of the delayed news of freedom reaching the enslaved Black folks in Ga…
"You ever been sitting across from someone, just trying to have a normal conversation, fighting every urge inside yourself to scream out, 'YEAH!'?"
I mean, this does check out Tim. You've been rocking your profile pic for quite awhile.
And can I pick which of you performs at SCaLE19x?
"Shaggy and the Bear?"
I feel this. Same thoughts when my Grandpa entered hospice in Oct 2020. It was less than a week, and we just spent as much time as we could with him, making sure to bring my kids over as often as possible. My heart goes out to you Ben, and to your family. ❤️
I wish. I have an M1, and it goes up to 31xx something iirc, but still just 1440p.
Is that the one that's only 1440p? If so, I have that one and it's good, but only 1440p.
RT “White Privilege”: Allow me to clarify that commonly misunderstood term. As we prepare to honor #Juneteenth, acknowledgi…
"Fortune and glory, kid."
"Hey you guys!"
RT In a country full of hate and division, I bring you hope.
Accessing my Tailscale network while in Lyft to airport
RT Read this thread from a patriot who loves America
UNLESS you sit down in first class. That's a solid move.
Yeah I was gonna say....
Here at my local they must have seen my shitty golf game, because the TP is high quality
Hopefully it works itself out and y'all can get to where you're going!
WTH?
Who's gonna tell him?
I really shouldn't have opened that thread...
I've played Friday night doubleheaders there for years, but haven't the past year due to foot surgery and conference travel. I'm in town for the next 4-5 Friday's, so playing with the team. I slide with the pants. That's it. I'll ping you on Sunday's!
I have worn softball pants for the last 10 years because of one time sliding in shorts. Also, I might take you up on that.
That's what testing in production is, right?
So I "survived"... Anyone happen to know any oxygen bars in Kansas City? Lol
Same.
I bet I taste good with HP brown sauce
I'm already pitiful... But I do have 3L of Gatorade so... ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Yup. And most of the time the dudes at the booth who reply with "Well we have unisex" give me a look of confusion when I tell them that's just a man's shirt
So talking about dumb things we've done in life, I'm heading to play softball for the first time in a year in 101° F.
Hah, wish I was.
Today's Image of the Day: Galveston and the Beginning of Juneteenth -
Love this journey for you.
RT 🔑 Connection is at the root of community building. How do you help members create relationships within your community? #O…
RT It comes down to this. A big portion of our country has lost its grip on reality.
Biscuit is having a moment
Yup lol. My favourite scene though is the scene when Reggie comes to pickup Marcus's daughter
(me virtually posts the immediately following scene)
Reason #5,436 why I don't live in Texas
Now we all lose.
Oh gawd... Brings back horrific memories of conversations with cell phone manufacturers about GPLv2.
The should respond with a subpoena (that reads "EQUAL TIME" on the top instead of "subpoena") and give him a "broadcast time" to appear in the hearing room where he'll then be put under oath and asked questions. 😜😉
Yes, Tim. You win. 😉
It's 5:11p. This is ridiculous.
RT My #cmgr tip of the day: Find mentors and people to talk to OUTSIDE of the community world. I know, gasp, but we are c…
Is that a classic TI graphing calculator?
I mean, it looks like the logo deflected the shots from center mass... I'm sure there's an analogy there somewhere?
RT Community works like the middle ground for marketing and customer success. It has the potential to maximise customer retention…
Today's Image of the Day: The Progress Pride Flag Flies at NASA Headquarters -
RT you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the person who has to make slides about team strategy
Wrong in not selling him a few years ago and getting some of their wasted money back...
RT The #kcdc2022 Agenda is LIVE now. Do remember that we are still slotting a handful more talks over the coming 53 days (but who'…
But when the Hobbits force-pushed Groot... 🤯
They look good but I like my natural blues 😜
I used to pay $10/mo for precisely this purpose... Faxing documents to archaic institutions.
I don't know, maybe just stop using a service which has repeatedly shown they have no desire to support #opensource developers, much less keep their customer's data safe, and move to something, I don't know, like CircleCI which has an amazing OSS plan? Just spitballing here...
One of my rules is that you can _only_ use Bitmoji for profile pics. We'll see whose profile pics have stars upon thars.
#TeamChestHair
RT Just a reminder…
Today's Image of the Day: The Sparkle of Distant Galaxies -
We are truly winning
So that's where I left it
To be clear, it was still attached to me.
I just found a chest hair pushing through my cotton shirt, so how's your day going?
I expect the same at #SCaLE19x
My favourites come from Indonesia or Guatemala &amp; are usually blends not single origin (I will only use a blend when I do cold brew). I would also experiment w/ espresso blends from Stumptown (Hair Bender is good) &amp; San Diego's own In fact, stop in and ask them!
Cold brew is meant to be brewed for ~16hrs. This means the coffee beans are subjected to water more than normal, and the oils (which contain the flavor) continue to expand over that time. I've found great success with coarse ground medium-dark roasts w/ chocolatey flavor profiles
SJ
As is the case with any ML system, it was completely unbiased
Oh so I see you found the YouTube video of his Connect Tech 2021 workshop?
Say what?
"eel pit?"
Make sure when you _do_ find the correct door, that you get the knock correct. Don't want the wrong onion bloomed. #iykyk
I too have been using/running Discourse for a long time - feel free to ping me too Julia
YES! CircleCI gives us #Juneteenth off to celebrate "Juneteenth National Independence Day", and since it's on Sunday this year we get the 20th off.
That's kinda sad though... I've been there. Amazing food.
That's a good one
#Fruitfluencer
if DevRel = EmpathyOps then DevOps = $🤔 fi What is "$🤔"?
With the Crowdstrike debacle today, is this classic shirt too much? Or too little? 🤣
RT
RT Linux users in the midst of the CrowdStrike outage
RT CrowdStrike says "the issue has been identified, isolated and a fix has been deployed." If only it was that simple. That fi…
Evidently I missed the "salmon shirt" memo ( / / )
A wonderful journey of life
Matt built a tool to start gathering the input metrics: This helps him to understand how other self-serve companies out there are building content and having some comparison points. -Matt Makai at #devrelcon
Align your narrative and metrics with the company goals and objectives. Translate your input, output, and finance/business metrics to how your ICs/team, department, and management &amp; execs view the data and contribute to each. -Matt Makai at #devrelcon
Sometimes in #DevRel we only focus on the tech / software level, but miss the business impact opportunities. Look into things like financial metrics, business metrics, and other things that help you speak to everyone in business -Matt Makai at #devrelcon
Input metrics (blog posts, social posts, events, SDK updates, etc.) are things you control; Output metrics are things you indirectly control (impressions, web traffic, views, etc.). -Matt Makai at #devrelcon
Afternoon session with Matt Makai on “Measuring progress in #DevRel &amp; Experience” at #DevRelCon Day 1… Matt thinks about Input, Output, and Finance/Business metrics as he builds his tactics around online and offline engagement, capturing the metrics that matter for the business
RT Thank you to and for organizing a fantastic unConference on Day 1 of #devrelcon NY!
RT Afternoon sessions #devrelcon started. We'll be back with the Unconference tomorrow. Get your sessions in already:
RT Strong start to #devrelcon Unconference. Follow along here, remotely:
RT Great summary by #devrelcon
Resources for this are at:
Always been a fan, and have friends over there. I would agree with the feeling though.
Given what today's topics were supposed to be (justice dept interference), I would imagine there's a _bit_ more going on.
Today's Image of the Day: It's Flag Day -
Yep.
Congrats! That's awesome! And never become an adult. 😂
PSA for anyone, esp founders: Don't ambush a speaker after they're done presenting with a talk that the _conference_ selected (out of multiple ones they submitted) to ask "Why would you present that talk here? Why wouldn't you do something deeper?" (Not naming names/conf)
Wait, we moved off of Tailwind now? Where's the memo?
And that's just the bare minimum
RT DevRel = EmpathyOps with a slice of tech
RT The 10-year Anniversary of #CascadiaJS is coming later this summer &amp; it's jam packed! 🗓 8/30 - 9/2, 2022 ☀️ Sunriver Resor…
RT If you've wondered how to get started in devrel, this is a good way
YAY! SUCH A GREAT TEAM AND LEADERSHIP! CONGRATS WESLEY!
That's one way to make sure all your pores are clear of alcohol
Well only kinda like it, since I glisten instead of sweat of course
It's Monday, Cody. Save the violence and hot takes until at _least_ Wednesday.
RT The fact that cats not only trained us to scoop up their shit, they also decided as a species that they would only piss…
I'm back at my home office again, after 2 weeks at conferences and events, and who left my desk so messy? And why do I have to re-setup Zoom input/output settings?
Today's Image of the Day: JAXA Astronaut Akihiko Hoshide Speaks With Students -
It also does coincide to me coming back to town. So I think you and might be on to something
So NWS has issued a severe heat advisory for the Kansas City area until Wednesday night. Temperatures up to 109F (~43C) are expected. So that's fun.
Sorry, I needed to decline. Needed some time with the family.
I'm assuming you'll be there as well?
What hotel is this and how do I sign up?
Track record / history doesn't help and warrants criticism, with other rival clubs already sealing deals for their important positions.
RT (1,) I need to address and incident that happened at yesterday's March in DC. During the moment of silence, somebody…
Soooo jealous right now
Yeah, that's why we setup the OSS plan we did at CircleCI. Better than any other offering out there by a country mile, and free for any public project.
Yeah, at least 6 months, and currently only for those who are 50+ or moderately to severely immunocompromised
I'm working on a conference talk around mentorship &amp; how we make sure that we prepare the next generations to be able to carry on. Would love to hear about your mentorship wins/fails as a mentor or mentee, and thoughts you have around how we can do better. Please RT for reach.
Man, I hear ya! I went stir crazy in mine. Hope you get better soon!
Only the best of course
RT New plan everyone - we slip Elon a few USB sticks and tell him it’s Twitter. He won’t know the difference. 🤫
RT Just looked at the line up and y’all, it’s stacked! So many incredible speakers (including me lol). I am pump…
But of course they do lol
Sadly in many areas it's not a foregone conclusion... I have relatives who I doubt would do anything, and might even collude with them.
Yep. No hesitation.
Truly a tech desk, but where do you even put your drinks and snacks?
Welcome to KC, but sorry for the news 🥹.
Nice, we just finished imbibing at the Delta lounge and boarding our separate flights now. Always good seeing you, Homer. Looking forward to the next time.
Always a good time when I can hang with
✅ Hotel reservation for #KubeCon made
Well deserved. Thanks for everything
Find someone who looks at you the way that does when they say "I'll eat all of your sausage"
I am not ashamed that I'm a crier, but I can honestly say I have never cried at karaoke before. Until tonight. A woman _nailed_ "The Pretender", and then we commiserated afterward on Taylor's passing.
The #vueconfus after party has reached the "My Chemical Romance Radio" part of the program
I waited in the pool for you
Oh Jason this is exciting! Enjoy your funemployment!
Oh yes... That's terrifying
That's a bidet Jay
Is there any sound and action more terrifying than when you lean forward on the toilet and the automatic flusher kicks in?
I didn't think there is such a thing
RT dropping CI/CD knowledge at #vueconfus
Thanks for coming to my talk at As promised, here are the slides
Hello to many friends!!!
Definitely check out Really cool options for deploying on mobile with Javascript
Now we're looking at the new project from and its a much easier way to integrate third party activities and libraries - at #vueconfus
A great "live" example of how involved and difficult it is to do location and mapping in Swift, React Native, and Dart... - at #vueconfus
Mike puts on blast for making him redo his slides and demo for this #vueconfus talk
On stage at it's explaining how Pong was built in his "Modern Mobile Development" talk
I'll be speaking at my first #vueconfus at 230p ET today!
I'm sure it's made with some shitty avocado liquor
I knew it!
RT ‼️ Note to our #kcdc2022 speakers: If you received a message from a Michelle Farmington, or anyone else from Prese…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Investigates an Enigmatic Star Cluster -
There's nothing like an Irish cappuccino to start the second day of
Thank you so much! You will always be one of my favorite Reds. ⚽❤️💛🥹
Thank you so much for all you have given #MUFC these past years. Your character, integrity, and your dedication to #ManUtd shows in how you carry yourself on and off the pitch. #ForeverRed. Thank you.
RT This is why Liz Cheney maybe threw away her career. Not because she wanted progressive adoration. Not because she wanted th…
What in the actual hell? That's terrible!
RT Absolutely infuriating and heartbreaking. I want to be as clear as I can: if you support what happened on Jan 6 in any way, get…
Hope you feel better soon David! 💙💙💙
RT Friendly reminder that LGBTQIA+ deserve human rights and civil rights support, not rainbow marketing.
Dude... And it's on Hulu!
Depends on the city? Maybe if that city has that identity for itself, like ATL?
But I thought it's a "dry heat"?
That would be i(r)onic
You should really stop speaking in jest
Today's Image of the Day: When Galaxy Clusters Collide -
Don't forget to add your pronouns to your badge, courtesy of
Good morning !!!
Solid. Facts.
Wish I could have stuck around for that. It was good finally meeting you and hope to see again soon
As luck would have it, my flight is delayed 20min, so it will be closer to midnight by the time I get to #vueconfus ... If anyone's around and still wants to grab a drink at the hotel, let me know
Truly enjoyed it, and would gladly do it again!
All the credit goes to Sara!
Received notification that my replacement work M1 (14" new gen replacing 13" 1st gen) has _finally_ shipped. Been on order over 4 months. It'll be delivered tomorrow, but I don't get home until late Saturday. FML
RT How can you tell if a platform organization is working successfully? Watch VP Platform as he walks…
We should do it again, and I'll bring better jokes
Oh I'd hit that
C'mon man... You paid your bill at this airport eating establishment. Time to move on so I can sit. None of this "Oh, I left some fries, need to ask for more ketchup so I can finish them". I don't make the rules.
I also want to thank the #cdcon staff, venue staff, sponsors, speakers, and anyone else who helped contribute. It would not have been a great event without you. Here's to NEXT YEAR!! 2/2
Running out of #cdCon to catch my flight to my next conf, I want to thank the for having me as part of the event. From being on the Programme Cmte, to speaking, &amp; then co-MC Keynote Day 2 (w/ the amazing I was honored, &amp; look forward to next year! 1/2
RT At the heart of the project is the #OpenSource community. Continuously adding value to the community that enables hu…
Yeah it works quite nicely, with plenty of different skins/cases available
RT Cory Doctorow #cdCon keynote on increasing #Interoperability for the big social media platforms. Explaining how #APIs could…
Used to love those. Kicked a ball into a kids face TWICE in the same match.
RT Excellent opening to Day 2 #cdCon! Thank you Jeremy Meiss, for welcoming everyone and for using your platform t…
Gosh, called out on both of those...
RT Abortion is healthcare! Thank you #cdcon
RT Keynote kickoff on day 2 of #cdcon with
RT The #OpenJSWorld22 Day 2 begins with a keynote from ➡️ from ➡️ from
RT At #OpenJSWorld22, we want to be clear that: ➡️ Trans Lives Matter ➡️ Black Lives Matter ➡️ Abortion is Healthcare #OpenSo…
The bot is living its best life
Happy Birthday to everyone's favourite DevOps Historian,
Today's Image of the Day: Pacific Ocean From the Space Station -
Wow... That's uncanny...
Some good info from about the importance of offloading these activities to a specific Dev Experience team instead of the Product Team exclusively #devex #devrel
At #cdCon, we have keynote, where she is speaking about "How to Win Friends and Reduce Tech Debt with Developer Experience"
Have been waiting for this talk from at #cdCon - "The cost of agility at scale.. it's all fun and games until the bill comes"
At #cdcon, from is providing a keynote on "Software Delivery and Developer Experience in the Age of Platform Engineering"
Definitely want to keep this on your radar for submitting a talk
You fulfilled your responsibilities
Hearing about units of work in CD pipelines from at #cdcon
RT after attending the excuse of lacking diversity within your organization is lame you have to be intentional with…
RT I am giving a talk at #cdCon later today, and would love some insight into your familiarity with the following terms (a…
Today's Image of the Day: Dickinson Crater on Venus -
Hanging with one of our Champions at #cdCon!
RT In #cdCon today at 11:30 Central, talk will be great. “Deploy, Release, CI/CD, Oh My! DevOps for the Rest of…
Might as well, since everyone else seems to be
Would have been better if I was placed directly below you... But I'm honored.
This is not your fault. You're an amazing and strong person. 🧸💙
The bigger thing looks like the feet for the banner?
RT Adding more #automation doesn’t always result in better #software. Hear from developer advocate on how you can ens…
Damn those look good....
I'm ready for #cdcon, and it's gonna be a busy next few days! Catch me at the booth, my talk "Deploy, Release, CI/CD, Oh My! DevOps for the Rest of Us" on Tuesday ( or MC'ing with on Wednesday morning!
Right? I drank so much water yesterday, but didn't pee until the late afternoon!
I think my pores have finally stopped emitting alcohol, so that's a positive. Also, still buzzing from a great week.
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I Moon Rocket Heads Back to Launch Pad for Testing -
RT Great time at dinner with and with special guest Thanks for coming out Rachel. Great…
RT If selling cakes makes bakers participants in gay marriages, then selling assault rifles makes gun manufacturers particip…
You're such a liar and you know it
Yeah, it's like they all just Rinse and Repeat the same shit
RT Marginalized people don’t need more mentors, more advice. They need sponsors who are willing to bend power structures and…
For me it was probably Jurassic Park, or Andromeda Strain, both of course Crichton's. Outside of those, and really before them, it was LOTR.
Well, that's fun... Glad I packed (one pair) of shorts
Glad you're feeling better! Certainly missed you this year.
Spot on. Love #RenderATL and the opportunities to connect! You gotta get involved!!
How's that working out for you?
We did a variety, which didn't include that but had some other amazing things
It's such a good conference, and I can't get enough
Tell me you lack empathy and are a "real developer" without telling me you lack empathy and are an asshole
So you at _least_ missed the assignment
Ready for the "beer tower" as sizes up his chances
Just walked past there on our way to Park 27
The man, the myth, the LEGEND... #MilkAndCookies #RenderATL
OH: We should do a "PAIN" stack conference.. Postgres, Angular, Internet, Nginx
Saying the quiet part out loud....
RT Last week it was arm the teachers. This week it's arm the doctors. But when that white supremacist shot up the black gr…
Join for breakfast tomorrow?
I would be down before heading to the airport
I mean...
You both were missed
Must have been a fluke that the best photo was left out
Great post #RenderATL conference breakfast with at the best brunch place in ATL, if not the world 😜...
RT We’re thrilled to announce more powerful resource classes for our #ARM execution environment: ARM XL and ARM 2XL. If you we…
Keep them on their toes
This is a quality tweet.
RT If you’re willing to hurt the Special Olympics to score political points, there is no bottom. is the worst.
This is a fucking racist dog whistle if I've ever heard one
RT How do you charge for development work?
Hi Kylie!
The Fantalorian
I've been contemplating the event, and this might have made my choice, if only to go and root for whoever is playing the Yankees
Dude... Your lawn mowing skills aren't as good as your think
Brilliant mix with old and new
RenderATL! Put it on your calendar for next year
This hotel DJ is playing Bell Biv DeVoe's "Poison" and I'm here for this
We need your slides
Could definitely be interesting!
I'm always recommending Letterkenny, but Abbott Elementary is good, and Resident Alien.
I thought it was a Redux
You got time Tim to start planning, and to get your content produced ahead of time.
Congrats to Justin and the rest of the team for putting on the best set of conferences I've been lucky to be a part of! Already buzzing for #Render2022!
Even with Clear??! Good!
Two things... "Minimum 40 hrs a week" and "less than what we expect of factory workers" What in the hell?
I was lawful good, but moved to lawful neutral with my 49" curved monitor
Found a wild at #RenderATL !!!
This thread... 😕
RT Today’s the last day to enter our raffle for a LEGO Star Wars R2D2 at #RenderATL. Stop by our booth to put in your name, get…
Only took (checks year) 157 years 🤦‍♂️🤬
I have our Pride and Trans Pride shirts being reprinted and so I won't have any this time, but soon
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 1 Monument Dedication -
It's "Doods" 🤣😂
Because flywheels have proven their importance in different departments, it’s important to look at how this fits into our #DevRel teams, programs, etc. Look at how this fits into the ways you’re working, and let’s iterate together. - and at #DevRelCon
AAARRRP + Flywheel: awareness at beginning, retention at the end, and then with friction you go with discover to retention. Funnel + Flywheel: start with conversations and awareness, look at where the efficiences are, and adapt. - and at #DevRelCon
The #DevRel Flywheel looks like: - Discover - Activate - Implementation - Advocate With inputs/outputs being the things you would expect. Identify friction between the different stages - and at #DevRelCon
With these #DevRel flywheels, it’s useful to help focus on sustainable strategies with cyclical methodologies, and improve and iterate on each step &amp; have interventions which make the next turnaround of the wheel being more effective. - and at #DevRelCon
A #DevRel Flywheel has some important components, focusing on different frictions where planning is important: - Stages (similar to funnel stages) - Inputs into each - Outputs - and at #DevRelCon
Existing frameworks are not as holistic as they could/should be, thinking about how to deal with the different stages and iterations. Hence working with “flywheels”, which are already an existing business term. - and at #DevRelCon
The deals primarily with the cyclical way of how people move through community and the changing relationships that devs have with a product and community. You can also have pointed ways to move people through each level. - and at #DevRelCon
The challenge with AAARRRP is missing the developer experience and diving into the cyclical way of engagement with the community. - and at #DevRelCon
AAARRRP ( is another method around identifying where people are in their stage, w/ clear goals for each step. You can take these &amp; drill into different activities for each, and then identify mapping to goals. - and at #DevRelCon
Funnel gives ways to ID the stage someone is at &amp; focus attention on people that will help you get to the goal, but is also linear with a defined beginning and end, focusing on one goal at the expense of others, w/ disposable people. - and at #DevRelCon
The traditional way to look at things is the “Funnel” (awareness, interest, desire, action) which is useful, giving ways to package up different interventions, based on theory and state of mind that someone engages with the Prod. - and at #DevRelCon
Still in its infancy, #DevRel has exploded over the last 10+ years and different ways to define it. Product Mgmt also came up ~ the same time, but tends to have more methodologies &amp; frameworks, and language for explaining their value. - and at #DevRelCon
Second keynote of #DevRelCon is (from and creator of and (from talking about “From funnels to flywheels: tools for thinking about DevRel”
SO thankfull for Joyce sharing this talk! I look forward to the recording and slides to watch over and over again!
You can’t just C&amp;P another company’s strategy - you need to build your own. Test + tweak. Evolve your #DevRel strategies and tactics, stay relevant and continue to add value. - Go where the devs are - Always be testing - Change is the only constant - at #DevRelCon
There are different #DevRel strategies (mix of or all at times) during different stages: - Content creation - Events and conferences - Advocacy - Support (you’ll never stop doing) - Community building - Partnerships and ecosystems - at #DevRelCon
Can’t emphasize enough the importance of managing the expectations of your metrics with your leadership “Metrics are meaningless if they don’t impact decisions, and don’t have a narrative.” - at #DevRelCon
Biz strategies change over time, back and forth across PLG, MLG, SLG. #DevRel drivers are different leading and lagging indicators, and you have to be careful about Goodhart’s Law: “When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good metric.” - at #DevRelCon
Objectives for #DevRel will change as you move through the different stages, from no OKRs to having OKRs, KPI, stable measurements, and more. Align on the destination with your team, your org, and the company. - at #DevRelCon
There is a #DevRel strategy for each stage of a company’s lifecycle, and there are different proof points with business goals: - Seed - Startup - Growth - Maturity and each of the stages have different constraints. - at #DevRelCon
OH: You'll have top billing in the Rivera DevRel list
Hanging with my friend at the AWS party for #RenderATL. So ecstatic for what he and his team have built, and for what's in store for
I can bring pronoun stickers!
RT #Software issues are harder to diagnose and correct because so much of the codebase is no longer in your team's control. Lear…
Final statements around Angel's definition of #DevOps and that it's not easily achieved - at
Angel's take of "you build it you own it is bullshit" broken down into some important steps
The popular take of "You build it you own it" by intention vs reality, along with the pain points - at
Angel's take on #devops puts the importance around finessing and collaboration to empower individuals and teams - at
Friction and silos cause a lot of isolation between developers and Operators - at
Developers and Operators sometimes cross sabers between the light and dark 😜😉 - at
"building software is hard AF" is a definite understatement - at
Up next at #RenderATL is Principal Developer Advocate speaking on "DEVOPS LESSONS FOR FRONTEND DEVELOPERS"
Nothing like a half view of me wiping out when the carpet came to an abrupt stop
RT This started as an idea in 2019, now it’s on businesses and buses around the city. Thank you everyone for trusting me a…
. you know it's not very accessible for you to not be here at #RenderATL #justsaying #noxp
Today's Image of the Day: Huge Rings Around a Black Hole -
OH1: You have good taste in music OH2: Oh that's the radio
Loved the book more (have legit read it 10 times) but the movie is good
RT A heavily NRA supported governor on the news this morning from Arkansas who had worked with the NRA in The past endorsed…
I wondered what that feeling was
RT We’re pretty excited for our second #RenderATL this week. Stop by the CircleCI booth for new swag, enter a raffle for LEGO St…
RT PSA: A feature gap is not a bug, no matter how large the gap is.
We could be celebrating at #RenderATL, but I heard some rumor (salacious even) that you weren't coming because some car was being delivered? 🤔👀 Say it isn't so !!
RT Most people consider the Stonewall uprising the start of the American gay rights movement. But gay rights groups had already been…
Let's make that happen
Yeah I count 3, maybe 4
And you're coming to RenderATL, right?
Once again, #RenderATL is going all out with the food (once again from and it's just the Sponsorship Brunch!
Signed. Web3 is not technology, and should not be treated as such.
That final scene of #Shoresy is fucking fantastic
RT thinking about that time i was in a meeting with amazon engineers, and my co-workers asked "what's serverless" i said "per…
Mint/peppermint green tea, Ricola lozenges, steamy showers
Give yer balls a tug
Today's Image of the Day: Hurricane Season 2022 Begins -
And me to yours!
Awesome. Maybe we will present together again!
And they wonder why we don't talk about him
Well there goes a potential follower that won't follow me. Fantastic! Also, definitely don't quote tweet this 👇👇👇👇
RT Excited about everyone in town for So good hanging with
OH: Having kids is kinda like a Pringle can.. You just keep popping them out
I got out of there fast
My Lyft driver has an interesting relationship with the white lane lines and cruise control (or lack thereof)
PBR has high seltzer? 😳
So... I just tripped over 3000 balls of gum (phrasing to avoid bots) in the lobby of the #RenderATL hotel...WTF?
RT Thanks for your continued support and the team at Explore how they and other teams use Orbit to drive…
RT The fact that an overwhelming majority of Americans want universal background checks, but our politicians don’t make it happen…
Yep, I did. I think it worked? Hard to tell, but my symptoms did seem to get markedly better within a day of taking it. Only issue is it left a TERRIBLE taste in my mouth. Like really bad. I was chewing gum nonstop.
RT AMERICAN BS…
I'm down
Oh awesome! We get to meet in person! Travel safe!
RT Great #DevRel folks have a deep understanding of why what they do matters to their companies, and how to create interact…
Yeah I took the full 12 day supply of Mucinex that I got to make sure I kept congestion moving
Yeah I felt dehydrated constantly. I resorted to ordering a travel humidifier and that helped a lot (I was stuck in a hotel in SLC).
Along with constant hydration, my doc recommended OTC cold remedies (Mucinex Congestion and Delsym cough) and allergy meds (nasal and pill together) along with Paxlovid. I ordered a travel humidifier (I was stuck in a hotel in SLC) which also seemed to help.
Ugh! Sorry Ana! What worked for me was lots of rest, hydration, and getting good suggestions from my doctor. Let me know if you want some, but rest and hydration were key for me. Hope your symptoms go away soon!
So sorry to hear this Karli! Rest up, hydrate, and if you want more suggestions let me know! I hope your symptoms abate quickly.
I had the orange-only version in Europe a few years ago, and it was surprisingly good. I can see this having potential.
RT One of the most notorious mass shootings in US history happened 85 years ago today. 40 people were shot, 10 fatally. The…
Glad you're home safe
RT Russian media reports "the first ship to enter Mariupol's port after the fighting ended has left harbor carrying a load of s…
RT I recently came across a report about how Kyiv is slowly figuring out its “new normal”, how people are returning to their hom…
RT THREAD: If Biden forgives $10K in student debt, and you have decided you won’t vote for democrats because you want $50…
Donuts you say? 🤩
NOOOOO! Feel better soon though.
Glad you and got home finally, and I hope you feel better soon!
Yeah the searing is the trick I think.
Like is it made out of gold thread and some oil sheik farted on it?
The burger turned out great! Definitely something I'll repeat in the future
Threw in a couple cast iron and then after they reached 500F I seared the burgers and added the onions and brioche buns...
RT Don't try to do more than what you can afford. Your community is more valuable if you do your core activities well. Trying t…
I knew I was missing something
And they're in the smoker... Should be about an hour before I sear them.
They certainly have their place that's for sure. I wanted something I could dial in and get a good amoke, but also be versatile to grill when we wanted that, and not need 2 things taking up space.
Nice, yeah I used to use a tube when I had a grill and it was a great addition
RT Knowing you need to #ShiftLeft but unsure where you are in your #development cycle? One easy step is to start bringing yo…
RT I have a ticket to that I'm not going to be able to use. If you or someone you know could benefit from it, then let m…
Yep. Gotta keep 'em juicy.
It's burger smoking time, reverse-seared style... 6, 1/3rd to 1/2# burgers with some garlic, chili powder, and paprika (Kinder's Woodfired Garlic seasoning) going to smoke them for about an hour at 225F, and then sear them (and some onions) to finish the cook &amp; have a nice crust.
This i endorse as well
I'm sorry. I meant to reply to Tim's tweet.
We've finally gotten Gus's up here in the last few years, and I have regrettably not taken my family yet.
I mean, we must try it at least. The pizza cobbler I mean.
Thank you. I've been trying to identify the comparison and you nailed it
It's science.
You did say "4", which has tints of blue in that black.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It's a beer, that you take with you into the shower, and drink it. They call it "shower beer"
Now why would you go and do that? 😂🤣
They're a glorious thing, that's for sure
Well I, as a non-Texan, totally agree that it seems the tide is shifting and has momentum, voters are notoriously shortsighted and short term memory deficient.
Oh for sure. I would personally go with the more universal one that's on display so that I could use wine cans or seltzer cans or beer cans, or even cocktail cans. Got to diversify
There's a universal "shower drink" (beer) and "shower wine" on display too so the product is inclusive
Love that we are embracing the need to have an adult libation always at hand
RT Fortune* Favours** the Brave*** *crypto currency **deeply screws ***retail investors
RT Ok, so we’ve had two situations where a prepared gunman outgunned or outmaneuvered on-site support. If there was a sing…
RT On Memorial Day, we honor the memory of those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country, and pray for their families…
I saw in one of the replies, "Rule No. 1: Cardio" 🤣😂
Hehe
Coffees from Indonesia, especially Papua New Guinea, have always been hit or miss for me, with the end result being heavily dependent on the roaster. This co-op coffee from via is really good, &amp; a testament to the care taken to deal with its intricacies.
RT This is why I like what is doing. They are giving their employees unlimited PTO with a 2 week MINIMUM! Pl…
Wait, we are finally going to meet?
Every MPC line I've passed is almost always empty or close to it.
But see, the rules don't apply to conservatives
That whole thread is... something...
That sounds like the perfect use for those beans!
"Arlo Theodore Wheeler" has a nice ring to it
Me want....
Know a few people like who can help us out with that local flavour
If you need a space, hit the space bar. I'm monster-ish
I feel like that's the case for a lot of movies?
You mean... harebrained solution didn't work? Color me shocked
Welp, looks like I'm opening auditions for new friends.
Why waste thumb movement? The keyboard _literally_ has the shortcut built in, which magically hits the right spot.
/me rushing to check that we are mutuals
Jessica. I thought we were friends. Now I find out we are just acquaintances
RT Corporate travel opinion: If someone travels more than once a quarter for you, just issue them a corporate card. If you do…
Well done!
RT #cdCon Keynote: June 7 at 4:10 pm How to Win Friends and Reduce Tech Debt with Developer Experience -
Looks like Delta is quietly doing their Status Match program for those looking to move away from their current airline status program
Ultimately not missing much...
This checks out
It’s literally on right now in the living room
Cross between "polyrhythm guy" and "surf pop guy"
How I met your mother
It is SO good....
RT Cops handcuffed parents for trying to save their children from a mass shooter but didn’t harm the people storming the US…
Then flush? 🤣
I'll pop my tent right next to it. 👍
OH: "As a kid, I always said that Palatine never died (in Episode 6). Just like Nemo's mom."
The series finale of #TheOffice is about the best finale of all time. I will not be taking questions at this time.
Sounds amazing.
RT "You have to be 21 years old to buy a beer in the United States of America. You can buy a long gun when you're 18. We'…
RT We don’t trust children with real scissors but people are honestly suggesting we put firearms in classrooms?
RT Guns are banned at the NRA convention but doors are allowed. It’s almost as if they know that one of those is inherently…
Yessss
It's #RenderATL in 4 days!!🎉 Who's joining me?
I feel like this is our greeting now?
I kinda doubt it
Here in suburban Kansas City I just heard a woman respond to "Good morning" with "Ahoy!" We are at least an 8+ hr drive from any meaningful body of water that would make that reply remotely a thing.
Ahh, yes. That's the worst.
What new release? I thought those had stopped and everything new was in the theatre first?
First two episodes of #ObiWan are _REALLY_ good
RT In his speech at the NRA convention today, actually said, “What stops armed bad guys is armed good guys.” That’s wh…
Has he never heard of a development sprint?
I'm guessing his "I am livid" is the same as "I am deeply concerned"
So, entering the US via Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris is a shit show. By rules, you're supposed to present proof of a negative COVID test within 24 hours from departure. Per CDG, all you have to do is sign a form saying you were negative. No proof needed. At all.
See, YOU are taking me, not me taking YOU!
Get well soon... You have to take me to Pluckers in a little over a week
I’m speaking at #cdCon June 7–8, 2022! Join me for my talk: Deploy, Release, CI/CD, Oh My! DevOps for the Rest of Us ( Register now ➡️ 🎫 Get 40% off your in-person ticket with code: CDCON22AMEET40
RT Those who claim that nothing can be done just prove they don’t have the creativity or empathy to lead.
RT Early Bird Registration Is Open For DevOpsDays Chicago 2022! -
Opening scene of #ObiWan has a definite KOTOR cut scene vibe
Not gonna kink shame, but ¯\(°_o)/¯
I never thought I'd like anything from the Yankees, but here we are
RT Gun owner here. There are things we can do, right now, today, to drastically curb gun violence without infringing anyone'…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Pair of Star-Forming Spirals -
And yet... You vote against those attempts. So, maybe you just don't care? Also, you've received $3,125,000 from the NRA/Russia.
What theatre did you see it in?
I downloaded the first few episodes for my flight home from Prague
Or the last time they were, it was a one room schoolhouse
RT I have a ticket and hotel room that I won't be using for next week, does anyone want it? Prefer to give it t…
This is amazing footage! #MUFC
I've seen it 100+ times, but it never ceases to bring shivers to my spine, and tears to my eyes.
There's nothing quite like the feeling when you do the "is anyone else in this airport bathroom so I can avoid the awkward eye contact as I shuffle to another stall that _hopefully_ has toilet paper after failing to check before dropping my morning deuce" dance
RT When Zoot Suit Riot sounds like Zoom Zoom Ryan, you know you've been in tech too long.
Hey Cherish.. shocked to hear of what happened. We have a number of roles in Marketing Ops, Product, and others that might be interesting. You can find them here ( My DMs are open if you want to discuss any
. has taken $176,274 from the NRA, and Texas averages 3,139 gun deaths per year. This is despicable, and Ted has no spine. Won't stand up to Trump's comments on his wife and his dad, and won't stand up to the NRA.
Hope you both recover quickly! Rest, hydrate, take OTC meds to help with symptoms (my doc recommended allergy meds, both nasal and pill together, mucinex congestion and delsym for cough - and they _REALLY_ worked for me). Rinse. Repeat.
RT Republicans passed anti-CRT laws IMMEDIATELY. Republicans passed anti-trans laws IMMEDIATELY. Republicans passed book…
RT *Cough* I do wonder if that company that laid off 20% of its workforce today maybe could have considered only having 1 CEO ins…
RT Forced birth in a country that refuses to protect children from being murdered at school.
Loving how much love for #Ukraine is in the Czech Republic #StandWithUkraine
Agreed. I consumed enough to be an expert.
I'd watch it
I mean, I don't think we had even had that Sharknado version yet... So I guess we are due?
Finishing up my time in Prague at its oldest pub, with a few of the original patrons and the original pilsner ( )
Man this hits hard... We've spent the 23 years since allowing politicians, mostly Republicans, to be influenced by power and the NRA, instead of taking steps to address the problem. It has to stop.
RT Hello friends ♥️ yesterday I found out that I need to look for a new job, so today I am doing just that! I’m an experience…
Today's Image of the Day: Boeing Orbital Flight Test-2 Landing -
Opening #DevRelCon keynote is (Head of #DevRel at talking about “From Seed to Scale: DevRel Strategies Across the Business Lifecycle”. As DevRel practitioners, we are in a great position to impact multiple areas of the business.
RT At #devrelcon? Join and myself at the Unconference to talk about topics that matter to YOU (certifications, dev…
One of my favourite things about #DevRelCon is the #Unconference time, and is setting the stage for everyone to know what it is, and why it’s the best
Kicking off #DevRelCon NYC 2024 is from
Listening to talk about and building dev environments that are reproducible across platforms
RT Whoa! is at this week. If you’re attending, sync with us me of the BEST #DevRel leaders on the…
#DevRelCon NYC I'm baaaack! Looking forward to a good next few days
Sacrifices we make
After a few (or more) whiskey gingers I didn't really care about the fly anymore
RT Something difficult and different about the senior IC track is that authority is not granted. It must be earned.
Ok, who let the fucking fly on the plane?
RT 'Vale' - which we often see printed when someone dies is Latin. It just means 'goodbye', from Valere "be well". Howev…
It's almost like the new leadership at #MUFC is done paying clubs overpriced fees for players. Everton fucked around, found out, and now want to whinge about it. ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
It's almost like the new leadership at #MUFC is done paying clubs overpriced fees for players. Everton fucked around, found out, and now want to whinge about it.
Find an accountant that comes recommended from friends or people you know.
Sorry to hear Matty! I was looking forward to your talk and the value it would bring to the attendees! Get better quickly, and get lots of rest.
RT 9 more days, for all who come to this happy place, Welcome… 🐁 #DeadpoolAndWolverine
Dom is a real one, and the developer journey is important to him. Don't sleep on bringing him into your company.
RT I don’t know, man, maybe some dudes from the 1700s who owned people and would be mystified by the sight of a dishwasher…
That was me.
And yes, the answer is "YES, AARON!" as I also will be there
Sooner or later she'll be deeply concerned she hasn't made a statement
Three out of every four years on February 29
But... Ok.
It's not just safe from guns... Safe from crime, safe from hunger, safe from ________... Repeat after me... REPUBLICANS ARE NOT PRO-LIFE
RT As an American who moved to a country with sensible gun laws, let me say clearly: you don’t have to live in a society where…
RT Maybe if we referred to schools as “wombs,” Republicans might start to give a shit.
Dude... Looking real good Gareth!
RT . cancel your convention coming up in Texas and donate the money to the victims families.
RT Retweet if you want to see Beto O’Rourke crush Greg Abbott
Today's Image of the Day: Ultracold Bubbles (in Pink) -
This is heartbreaking.
I'm giving my "DevOps before there was DevOps, 20 yr old style" ignite at Make sure you register to attend soon!
Hey the gun lobby has spent $34,718 in support of you. Represent the voters, not the gun lobby.
Hey the gun lobby has spent $1,581,153 in support of you. Represent the voters, not the gun lobby,
RT We're excited to share the largest collection of #developer data in the world! Our 2022 State of Software Delivery report is…
Hey asshat, you know, continuing to do the same thing over and over and expecting a different result is insanity...
Same thing here in Prague today. I'm so tired of this being my response.
RT just say "I don't care; the guns are more important to me than the schoolchildren." It will feel good to tell…
If you get the chance, you want to see the "Rebuilding Together* talk that is currently giving at , and hopefully at many conferences to come. #DevOpsDays
Thank you Christian for all you gave to #kubball #RCJH
RT So fucking tired of being told not to "politicize" these shootings by the same people who tout their NRA grades in pol…
Yep, always has been. Disarm has never been a thing except in the words of those trying to stoke fear so they stay in control.
RT Using a document from 1789 to ban abortion because it isn't mentioned, but allow semi-automatic rifles and Kevlar is such ne…
RT But hey, thank God Republicans banned those books.
Oh, really? Is your "heart" worth $3,124,773 to the victims?
RT $3,124,773 from the NRA.
RT Meet the Congressman representing Uvalde, Texas:
RT These are elementary school children who woke up this morning. Who ate their favorite cereal. Who tied their shoes in do…
RT If I were the Majority Leader, I’d put a simple background check bill on the floor tonight for a vote.
RT Steve Kerr’s pregame presser in Dallas. Gives another emotional plea for gun control.
RT The separate perks of open discussions &amp; private chats in a community. Open discussions are a good way to share ideas and com…
Good 🧵 on how #devrel and #community teams can ask better questions as part of a solid feedback loop with Product teams
Really good article on "How to Leverage Social Listening in Your #community"
RT I asked 50+ developer advocates for advice on how to get started &amp; excel with DevRel. Here's all the awesome advice they share…
Today's Image of the Day: InSight's Final Selfie -
Yes! OMG thank you!
Not the first time I've been called a BOFH 😜... Thanks Kris!
Choices Tim.
RT is giving a delightful ignite , amusing us with tales of #DevOps of yore.
Thanks Zach... What a wild ride then, and to see all you're doing now, I'm so proud of you!
LET'S GO!!
What do you have against pickle ball David?
That's amazing..
Spot on statement on #devops from at #devopsdaysprague
Great room and facilities, and we are ready to go with kicking off with "Looking Back At 13 Years Of DevOps"
Good crowd for the first #devopsdaysprague
It's time for !!
Oh Julie! This is awesome news! 🎉 Congrats 👏👏!
RT Communities take time. They won't be made in a day. While calculating the resources that go into making a community, it's co…
This is such good advice for every #cmgr out there
RT "Who is the main audience for docs? Like prospects, new users, technical people...?" Everyone. The answer (and often the…
OH: "I don't even like the DevOps."
And now I've upgraded to a litre of Pilsner Urquell. Google Pixel 6 Pro for size. #devopsdaysprague
RT Good conversations make communities go round and round.
Today's Image of the Day: Mysteries of the Needle's Eye, a Dwarf Spiral Galaxy -
RT 👇 watch this dangerous wacko and don’t look away. Part of the Communication problem Democrats have is a lack of unders…
Followed up the great Urquell with the real in the original and dark lager variety
Getting Prague started right with a large
CONGRATS TO YOU BOTH!
And this trip kicks off a wild 3 weeks of travel with , (a couple days home), #cdcon, and If I'm going to see you at any of these, please let me know!!
Emily. This is well done
Correct Tim. I was reinforcing the fact.
Tim, you aren't invited.
Nah I was good with that one actually
This right here 👇 👇 👇 👇 speaking truth #mufc
I'll keep that in mind then!
Whatever Tim.
It was Sam Raimi... So it kinda had that feel. That last few have been really good though I thought.
I shall make time.
Tim.
So finally got to see #DoctorStrange. It was OK, but probably my least favorite #MarvelCinematicUniverse movie, largely because it seemed very frantic &amp; a bit disconnected from everything going on around it. The cameos were good tbf, &amp; the after credit was a sci-fi fan tribute!
I probably won't make the workshops... I do get in at 820a, but will probably just chill and get acclimated to the time zone. But hit me up and we can grab a drink before the speaker dinner.
I know, I know... Couldn't be helped. But I'll see you at least at cdCon... owes me some Pluckers
Ahh, yeah I was at KubeCon US, but don't think we found each other. Butz will see you soon(ish)!
AWESOME! It's been, what since DevOpsDays KC?
Heading to Prague for the week to participate for the first time in !! If you're going to be there, make sure to find me... Hard to miss with my blue hair!
I think I'm down for this... Who else is in for VIP or Deluxe tickets for the weekend?
Just have the balls to say you can’t get laid for fuck’s sake
Textbook case of how to tell the whole world you can’t get laid without telling the whole world you can’t get laid
Thought leadership right here folks
Says everything about NC
Oh? I was thinking David was going to share some new event to reverse all the poor BBQ decisions.
One of the few things I will agree on with Texas
Yeah? They finally stop making crappy BBQ with vinegar sauce?
Lovers of vinegar 🤮
Oh wow! This is exciting! You and I should meet up down there sometime when it's open.
RT If you’re a fan of the following… 👨‍🏫 Exclusive CircleCI workshops 🎒 Cool swag 🗣 Feedback sessions w/ our #Engineering &amp; Pro…
Thank you! Getting closer to you
And here's the end result! The blue is still there but only on the top, with the sides a nice salt and pepper
That looks soo good!
Agreed. 😜
I need to do better.
I just submitted for , and looks like I submitted for Tech Bash, so we shall see.
Wait... I don't think I've submitted?
It was so good
RT In 2015 I decided on a whim to check out Tesla's battery swap station that was earning the company 9 figures in Californi…
On-site fitness membership "And finally, we have our very own on-site running track between the velociraptor enclosure and the stegosaurus feeding pasture"
RT After getting emails from kubecon and other notifications from attendees about covid cases at the event I'm grateful for…
Lucky for Nedry he was completely devoured
RT We've now lost one million Americans to COVID-19. It's an unfathomable loss – these folks were our parents and grandparent…
Noted
Doing what I can.
Thanks Angel!
Nothing like an and tonic before my haircut at
Today's Image of the Day: Starliner Launches to Space Station -
Really nice of you to campaign and endorse the person who beat your ass. All while touching yourself and snorting cocaine.
YESSSS!
YESSS! He's graduated!! So proud of him! 👨‍🎓
I'm holding seats for the rest of the family at my son's graduation, and I'm already a bit choked up. We are still 45 min from start.
OH prior to my son's graduation: "I hope they don't have a long,*woke" graduation." You know what Karen, f*&amp;k off.
RT #cdCon Talk: June 7 at 11:30 am Deploy, Release, CI/CD, Oh My! DevOps for the Rest of Us - Detail…
This 🧵... Tell me again how Republicans are pro-life, and not just pro-forced-birth?
Then that's just poor planning for sure
A lot of people outing themselves in the comments
Their baseline for stock must have been adjusted too low and they will have to make changes now that you're back flying
RT We are almost there, folks, and we are NOT closing the donations, and all the recordings will be available on YouTube shortl…
Depending on the brand, those pumps can cost as much as a replacement machine
Yup
That's awesome!
At this point I would just ask mine to let me know when she can no longer wipe hers, so I have a countdown timer for myself.
Today's Image of the Day: Boeing’s Starliner on the Pad -
I feel for you Matty. Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Happy Birthday Dani! 🎉💙
Old school entertainment console on this first leg home... Didn't know these still existed lol
It'll happen. Sometime. Lol
Him muttering under his breath, "and Iraq too" says everything.
If I wasn't across the ocean and have to get to my son's graduation, I'd come over and give you a big hug Rich.
Ugh... So jealous!
So I'm 3 weeks from first symptoms &amp; ~2 weeks clear, but the cough is still there if I talk too much. I feel a bit lethargic, but overall ok. A recent doctor visit &amp; my lungs sounded great. My allergies are still a thing so that's fun &amp; probably something to do with the cough?
I'm 3 weeks from first symptoms &amp; 2 weeks clear, but the cough is still there if I talk too much. I don't really get out of breath though which is good, but do feel relatively lethargic. My allergies are still a thing so that's fun &amp; probably has something to do with the cough?
Come on Matt... Give Rich a hug!
And I'm off... My first #gluecon was great, sorry I couldn't stay longer, but thanks for having me and I can't wait for next year!
Been over 3 years since I saw (since and it was great running into him yesterday! #gluecon
I overheard this... It wasn't me
Hah yeah seen that a few times on other's
Thanks KellyAnn!!! 💙
RT Progressive delivery has entered the chat during excellent #gluecon talk, “Deploy, Release, CI/CD, Oh My!…
RT breaking down the history of CI/CD at #gluecon . "Cruisecontrol was revolutionary."
I was privileged to be able to speak at my first ever #Gluecon. Thanks for having me! Here are my slides for "Deploy, Release, CI/CD, oh my! DevOps for the rest of us"
OH: This was the first keynote I gave where someone could see my legs
Kicking off #gluecon is with a talk about the gruesome world of Enterprise IT
Amazing news for the and Hoopy teams!
It really was only a matter of time 😹!
They are the best... And now I'm even more jealous! And sad. But also happy you're there and they got to meet you! All the emotions!
At #gluecon get one of our new shirts (like Evan is modeling) and enter a raffle to win a pair of Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones!
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Peers Through Giant Elliptical’s Layers -
I'm bringing it back!
Absolutely agree. He saved a sure goal scoring opportunity by putting his head in harms way to do everything possible.
Join me in wishing Sasha an amazing birthday by donating!
Make sure to stop by the booth over the next two days at #gluecon for some awesome, new-to-the-public shirts, some stickers, and tell us about your #cicd and #devops challenges!
Its Denver. You can get here
Catching back up with my former partners in crime #gluecon
Last I heard he let his passport expire so had to skip Kubecon
Where you at now?
Finally meeting for the first time. Finally! #gluecon
Hey #gluecon... Just checked in! What's happening?
RT
Last chance to get your ticket!!
Oh, I see you have met "consequences for actions"!
A really good graphic from / from a few years ago really helps understand all the ways to interact with your developer audience
Damn, that is good...
Yay! Where you headed?
The only thing that makes a Charbucks latte drinkable is
Boom! 🔥 It couldn't be that simple, could it? 🤔💯
Pre-check will let that through as long as it's not electronic. Otherwise you'll have to take it out to scan seperately, and good luck getting everything to fit together again.
FFS ... You do realize Optimus Prime is really Gen-X kids and young adults first, right?
Today's Image of the Day: Kartik Sheth: Advancing Science and Equity -
Deal
I'm a pro Mike
Well, you should sometime 😋😝
Have you _seen_ the size of these lavs?
Well I threw my hip out trying to get the right angle.. so, I think so?
Obligatory airplane lavatory selfie... Am I doing this right?
LUCKY! Have only met and hung out with Ana on DevOps Party Games... Hopefully that changes soon.
RT You can register for free, but you can also choose to buy a ticket to support 💙💛 All funds go to charity 💙…
I hear ya! We can do this!!!
So they're 20k shy of their goal. All they need is 400 people to donate 50€+ each. Well, 399. Who's with me? #StandWithUkraine
Yeah here's mine
I took mine this morning Ana.. you got this! 🤣😂💪
RT 💙💛 Register now for We begin in just a few hours! 💙💛
There are different types of engagement, but rarely bad. In your question, whether because they'll read it or because they want it, it's still being read. You can attach different weights to that activity, but it's engagement. And who works with it would come down to what it is.
I won't be speaking, but I'll be at Strangeloop! Can't wait to see you again!
Ahh, - I miss thee!
Agree with bdougie... Engagement is a much higher value metric than retention, especially when you can't really control if a customer stays or goes. Often those factors are way out of your hands.
RT We're so excited to see everyone this week at #KubeCon 🥳 We’ve partnered with and this Wednesday for a netw…
It was so good. I'll definitely be experimenting some more with them.
RT We use for our Monktoberfest swag -- these folks are a small team based out of the other Portland and the…
RT took too long, but i finally got around to writing up Valkey. the upside to the delay was that i've had a large number of priv…
That's definitely a word to describe it
Nah, that's how they wake up every day. The CEO has pulled no punches in the past about his political leanings, just decided today to do it under the cover of the company Twitter.
Yeah that was sad
Did I leave the kettle on?
RT A listener writes: "could you do an Oxide and Friends that explains the difference between CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs and ASICs?" Why…
It's a spinoff from Letterkenny about one of the characters who plays bush league hockey in Canada. Hilarious, crass, and heartwarming to its core.
Yesss have seen the whole series 4x, and the first season at least 10. Got me through 2020/21. I've been rewatching for the same reason.
RT Seriously what said. ADHD artists have helped so many people—we owe them so much credit, and att…
Damn it
Yeah... I have me moments I guess
RT There is absolutely no place for political violence in our democracy. Although we don’t yet know exactly what happened, we…
Looking forward to it!
Ok... So Richard Simmons and Dr. Ruth... Who's gonna be the third?
That is cool!
A good cup of coffee goes a long way to that first weekend read
"DevRel" in the same sentence as "Revenue"? Sacrilegious, much? But also, why is that such a problem? Do you know the impact you are having on your company's bottom line in your #DevRel and #Community orgs? If not, you should probably get on that.
Today's Image of the Day: Introducing Quesst: Speed Never Sounded So Quiet -
Today's Image of the Day: Introducing Quesst: Speed Never Sounded So Quiet -
RT If you’re not using scheduled pipelines in your builds, you’re losing out on one of the most versatile components of your #CI…
The next time I'm in Portland and need to go to Seattle, I'm taking the train! I've heard it's beautiful.
Congrats Todd! That's amazing.
I'll be there (plus KC is my hometown)
And that's something I'm looking forward to!
Yes! Me too
Me too! "Well done! Your session Deploy, Release, CI/CD, oh my! DevOps for the rest of us has been accepted to be presented in person at 2022!"
Yep. Same.
Pray tell which show? 😝
Yeah, I had to hunt a bit but lucked out on a good cut. First time, and damn this is good.
Amazing, and the right redness and tenderness, too!! 😍🤤🍽️ Of course, the smoked veggies look good too! 🥺😳
Very lightly seasoned, using a mix, but it's a nice one.
Got a nice sear (and some 🔥🔥) and now it's resting with some butter on top and then will cut it soon. Roasted potatoes in the oven are about done, and the smoked veggies too.
After about an hour at 225F (it's a small tri tip) we are at 117F, so I'm pulling and going to let it rest a bit before searing. Also added some veggies because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Well, keep in mind I'm not doing it like a brisket. It's only going to 115F, following interesting take that turned me on to.
I love the new readouts on the app for grill and probe temps. The UI is pretty slick.
Decided to try a reverse seared tri tip for dinner this evening. I seasoned it with salt, pepper, and garlic, and it's in the smoker at 225F with a target temp of 115F, where I will pull it, let it sit a bit, and then sear it for about 1min each side.
RT Noting that in AP copy, 18-yeear-old Michael Brown was an “18-year old Black man,” while 18-year-old Payton Gendron is a “w…
Oh no! Hope you all recover quickly! I avoided it (rest of the family got it over the New Year) until a few weeks ago.
No, no. You just lead him on and ask more questions, and see how quickly he gets to "Kubernetes" or "service mesh". Or tell him you're setting up a "service mesh" and see how quickly he gets confused. Either way, here for this.
I'm scared to think what your gif vote would be then....
That's a power move right there
I always regret doing these, but 乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ? So go ahead and vote. 🔴 intimidating, always on tl, scared to dm or interact 🔵 chaotic af, never shuts up, a whole circus 🟢 soft mutual, baby, friendly, would protect 🟡 lowkey crush
I mean it was Buffalo
RT Looking forward to hearing about how the white supremacist mass murderer is a quiet boy who keeps to himself, loves his…
I heard it was Wing Stop
RT Let us never stop
They're better than US baked beans, and good for breakfast. You should try applying them to toast. Also, try black pudding. You have to at least once. Also, Guinness with a full English breakfast is :chefs-kiss:
YES! You know they had the confidence in him to play the song, and for Jeff to turn and walk away from the drums towards the crowd. Kid killed it! Senior in High School! Here's the full video
It's been a week...
Doesn't really matter to me
I have 3 and love them!
RT It is very telling if your response to 10 people being murdered by an admitted white supremacist [in a country where indig…
But 10x hardcore?
Noted (and nice pun)! Also, I wouldn't know, since I wasn't invited, and was told to go find my own group. 😩😝
Yeah, that about checks out
Ahh Soccer Dad Jokes on point
Literally just thinking this same thing. 🥺😩😥
Pratik.
Of course, they have good ones
LET'S GO SMALLS! 💪 YOU GOT THIS!!
Congrats 🎉🎉! That's huge!
RT 1. FUCK ALABAMA 2. Good job judge 3. Both the medical and psychological communities are aligned that gender confirm…
"They must be big shots taking airplanes every day of the week or something, getting here and not calling their parents. They got here two hours ago and still haven't called their parents. So dumb." Didn't think I'd feel called out by #Shoresy but here we are.
It's good. Really good.
"I don't think anything's funny, I'm trying not to cry!" -#Shoresy First 10min is hilarious
One thing I really love about is getting a wide variety of coffee, just when I need it. This Colombian is a medium roast, but comes across as really light &amp; flavorful, &amp; is quite honestly, really good. Subscribe: Buy:
Yeah, there are some mega emotional moments. So well done I thought.
Woop woop! Congrats 🎉👏
I know this isn't going into Spain, but I passed through Amsterdam on my way to Germany recently, and all I needed in AMS was my passport and vaccination card (which they hardly glanced at other than to, I guess, verify there were multiple dates on there?) for entry into the EU.
My oldest's last day of high school is today, he received his dorm assignment for KU today, and graduation is next week. What an amazing ride. So proud of all he has accomplished, and his goals for this next phase in his life.
RT This is going to be an amazing event! #DevOpsDays #StandWithUkraine May 17-18.
Same here. Last day for my oldest.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures Giant Elliptical in the Head of the Serpent -
Very exciting! I really am so happy for you
RT I meant it
Soooon
See ya there
Yeah... Can't quite put my finger on it...
What's this now?
This is how I'll always remember you Ken. Also with Hennessy.
Congrats!! Amazing!
Today's Image of the Day: Earth from Orbit: NOAA Debuts First Imagery from GOES-18 -
Today's Image of the Day: Earth from Orbit: NOAA Debuts First Imagery from GOES-18 -
Today's Image of the Day: Earth from Orbit: NOAA Debuts First Imagery from GOES-18 -
Using for your VCS? Interested in having an alternative option for CI/CD? Want to be able to use the industry-leading CI/CD platform with GitLab? Well, for GitLab has arrived! Sign up now to be one of the early adopters.
This Adderall is amazing!
That does check out
RT #UnsolicitedAuntieAdvice If you're currently job hunting in tech, make like musical chairs and *quickly* find somewhere…
Now that you have made this idea public, you must do it, and must record it. Time it for when the dog turns to look at her.
WELCOME!
Sir, this is an Applebee's. We don't wash your dishes. Home Depot and Lowe's are across the street and carry dishwashers.
Seeing everyone talking about preparing to pack for Kubecon really has me in the FOMO and feels...
If a "shart" is an accidental shit while farting, what's a "sneaky biscuit" then? British name for the same thing? A turtle head that retracts and waits for the worst possible moment? THIS IS AN IMPORTANT OPPORTUNITY FOR THOUGHT LEADERSHIP PEOPLE!
RT The time has come! Early Bird tickets for #kcdc2022 are officially on sale NOW!!! Come and get 'em while they're hot:
RT Ya'll, something real exciting happened today. has released one of its first open source projects, and it's som…
Thanks for having me !! For those that attended, here are my slides You can also find our latest State of Software Delivery Report at
My desk was in the network room (same deak from my Ignite talk) and I had (iirc) 3 Cisco 7000 routers next to me, and a full rack of 2500's behind me. It was HOT in there
Pack the documentation
I often feel like I'm the "added on" in a friend group, kinda like the last one picked in sports
Or insulation for your own breath
Two days.... #Letterkenny #Shoresy
What is this utopia?
I'm assuming this is the background influence for his recent album
Tabs of course. Also, yep. It had been a few minutes since that discussion popped up again, but geez. Figure it out people.
Well fuck
What the hell? I'm not in this tweet and I'M PISSED!
RT A captured Court – that is delivering for the special interests that stacked it, and helping to keep their secrets – has…
Soooooon
Fantastic #yaml shirt!
Yeah, have heard this has worked recently
I'm so glad I was able to help and sort out what was happening! Thank you for trusting us!
Today's Image of the Day: Nina Wang: Bringing Accountability Into Focus -
Yep, just letting it all out into the light
That's how I took that as well
I present to you the "Before StackOverflow Series"
I expect to see these at #SCaLE19x
"My trouser hives are void of honey" #BestTVQuotes
Yeah and it's gonna get hotter too
Wait...?
RT We are ~40% towards our donation goals! Please donate now to help us get there! 💙💛 And register to learn from the amazing…
Wow! Congrats Evan! That's a great team over there and you're gonna do great things!
Skipped yesterday, but I'm free and clear! No symptoms, consistent negative rapid flow tests, and no masks now! I did get winded and tired _REALLY_ quickly yesterday while dealing with replacing our fridge that (of course) went out, but that's probably gonna take some time.
Today's Image of the Day: A View of Earth From the Space Station -
Oh no... That blows! It need a hard reset (or a kick out the window)? 😆
I really love the honesty and candor of Ralf as he exposes the players, the hierarchy, and calls it like it is.
Further proof that the #mufc Board is part (not all) of the problem. Plenty of strikers available in January, and the Scouts not being aware of any adds them to the list of problems... With the recent Scout upheaval and leadership changes, let's hope this is a good step forward.
RT Happy Mother's Day! I hope you all let the moms and mother-figures in your life know how much they mean to you.
Ahh, have seen a few episodes, and need to get into it again
RT There are over 400,000 children in foster care in the United States right now. What specific shortage of adoption candida…
I really need to get back into my love of coffee... And what episode are you speaking of?
And I feel like I need to up the ante and figure out which one is the job
Ok, fair enough
These are definitely things I enjoy!
That is really cool!
RT It’s DevOpsDays #StandWithUkraine on May 17-18th. Register for free to listen about #DevOps in crisis from world’s to…
Thanks for reaching out - I'm looking into it and will send you a DM
Kicking off the weekend with a nice, well-rounded, natural process Sumatra Kerinci Gunung Tujuh from which arrived via The aroma in the grind matches the aroma at brew. Really quite good.
Well, yes. But that is a low bar
lil car accident, or lil compressed vertebrae
Slow down...
Anytime you can get that sense of superiority, it's golden. Also, I was that "someone"
Yeah, I was too... Hoping things finish out well for you!
YAY! Reading that PCR tests can still be positive weeks after symptoms are gone &amp; no longer infectious, which is why it's "5 days quarantine after onset of symptoms, and 5 days masking after that". I tested negative this morning &amp; will repeat that for the next few days. 🤞
Of course he is
Yeah people who usually say that shit are the ones with sky high salaries and crazy perks gained from the work done by those solving hard fucking problems.
Those bring back some good memories! I tried doing the console files on my phone but definitely wasn't the same.
Day 10 since first symptoms, and I have my first negative rapid flow test! I have 2 more days of masking and then I'm good as long as the PCR test I'll take in 2 days is negative!!
somethingpeoplecanmodifyandsharebecauseitsdesignispubliclyaccessible Thank you
Hah, birthday isn't until November.. but this all makes sense and helps Matt
I definitely feel this Matt! Thanks for sharing
Poetry you say?
I hate dressing up. This one's a HARD no. 😂🤣
It was
I caught the bug last year (had been messing around a bit over the years since my wife grew up in Colorado and Idaho flyfishing) and love it, but I'm a bit removed from being able to do it often enough that I feel it's hard to make it a hobby?
I like that attitude!
Not a bad thought Tim... Look at you go!
When did you become so wise Craigy?
Photography actually is something I kinda started to get into, and then never did. Need to revisit
Hah, yeah there is a Meetup group for everything in KC
Good times
WW2 History was my jam in high school, so i guess that leaves woodworking?
I loved parachuting when I did it (free fall tandem once) but with wife and kids it isn't an option sadly. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Fair point. I never really liked craft class, but maybe there's space to try again
Yeah, that's been a thought for a while... 🤔
I love 3 of those already, so then maybe I pick up watches?
Absolutely! And they don't have to be 3 months, but definitely at least a month
Oh that looks amazing and so much fun!
Lol it's more it making it to the conference 😋🍽️
Now that is pretty awesome!
So generous!
This is a good hobby
I was afraid to ask
You got the opportunity to not go as long as me!
Sure I'll reach out soon to hear more!
How deep? Like Chicago deep dish deep?
This does give me a good thought to get back to trying to get better on guitar. I peaked decades ago, and can play rhythm electric and acoustic with little effort, but need to have fun again learning new songs and tackling more complexity
Yeah, fun times
Nope! Love it. Maybe I should look into the project?
Good ones! I feel like cooking, trying new foods, and then exercising all help to balance each other out!
Yeah I love the moments I've spent disconnected, but they've been few and far between. Sadly.
This is one of my wife's!
Lol great ones!
Yeah that's one area I'm not gifted... Crafts of any sort.
Not sure I could guarantee their arrival
It's so good! A bit all over the place, and not quite sure where it will end up, and satisfying in the end.
A smorgasbord! I love it!
Ooohhh.... Loved the last season Part 2
Challenge accepted
Video games is one I need to revisit
Some good ones! I've thought about scuba diving (land locked a bit here) before, and had some friends that got certified. And I need to play my guitar again more consistently.
I don't play my guitar as often as I should anymore (played for 34 years), and this reminds me I should. Golf... That's a good one, and can check a lot of boxes (alone or with friends, and get exercise too)
I love cooking, especially BBQ &amp; smoking different meats &amp; dishes. It's a hard one for me to identify as a hobby since it kinda is more for someone else's enjoyment. But, that being said, I haven't done it in awhile &amp; need to. And figure out doing it at a conference get together.
I beg to differ
I tried it online, and wasn't a huge fan, but I would totally give it another try in person
Yeah reading is good, but more of a relaxation thing and less a hobby for me. I do need to do more reading though. Thanks for this list!
I used to ride my bike all over town as a kid... Now my knees don't like it when I do it at the gym - but something I should look into as i work to get back in shape. Motorcycle is inspiring, but probably not an option.
I don't think so, but definitely something I should look into. Sounds heavenly.
Definitely need to get out more often and this could also help my fitness levels
Hugging dogs would be the preferred alternative... 🤔☺️
I've never been able to focus on them, getting bored after ~30min (or just frustrated at all the button combos to push in 1/2s while moving from that area to the next). Games like Madden are the exception, but not sure if gaming could become that hobby? I'll have to try again?
I've been working full-time in tech for over 27 years. I'm feeling this so hard right now, and need a break. Or a hobby. Or both?
Congrats! Good team over there. Will see you next week.
RT 👥 Don't miss #DevRelCon July 18-19 in NY! → - Hear from industry leaders in - Connect with…
Well, turns out I will be at #devrelcon next week! Who am I going to see there? And if you're still needing a ticket, this link still is valid for $100 off the full ticket price!
It’s great seeing a lot of community-driven feedback incorporated into this new Dagger release!
RT Keep your local #git repo up to date with upstream AND learn something about how git works while you're at it:
There's a new season of #VikingsValhallaS3 ?? I know what I'm binging
While you never were given a fair shake , thank you for always giving everything you had to #MUFC
Go to meetups. Support your local community. Get involved.
RT If you’re more upset about our President saying the name Putin accidentally than you are about former on one intentionall…
RT The brand new live website for DevRelCon NY has launched - check out the schedule today at - you sti…
Well, it ain't gonna scratch itself
Yeah, it's definitely remote. Hope to see you around, though!
RT “Software engineering has changed dramatically over the last 12 months.” Respectfully, Bindu, that’s simply n…
RT Yep, everything Kent said Meetup organizers are always looking for speakers, just ask I got my current job because I s…
There are times when you have a friend, and you can't be there for them even though you desperately want to. And all you can do is send positive vibes, be yourself, be available when they need someone to listen, and wrap them in a big hug when you can. And that's ok.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IAN! 🎉
RT Hello world! It's my birthday and I'm fundraising for the port-a-potties at George Floyd Square! Because everyone needs a…
RT Come on yall, make their birthday great! Donate. :)
I'm almost 46, and I just realized I don't have a hobby. 🥺 Send me your hobby for me to see about trying.
Day 8/9 &amp; I'm a full day removed from Paxlovid treatment &amp; feeling pretty good. My PCR test yesterday came back positive (knew it would), but symptoms are basically gone now. I start rapid testing tomorrow &amp; hopefully in the clear soon. So glad the bad taste in my mouth is gone.
I caught up on so much Netflix, and nothing all at once
Evidently they're at that one corporate job that makes everyone feel like all other corporate jobs are like that one
RT Friends, I am putting the very last of my spoons into this DevOpsDays Ukraine because it matters Please register, _donate_…
😳, uh yeah. We are.
The after taste that Paxlovid leaves in your mouth is so bad, it leaves you longing for the smell of your breath in you mask
Some good thoughts in this 🧵 on Paxlovid and Delta vs Omicron.
Aww looking forward to that, and to meeting you Marino! Ignore everything might have said about me.
RT Why are we only regulating one of the two human beings required to create an unwanted pregnancy?
Trick question - both are true.
The Android operating system being open sourced changed the spread, and availability, of smart mobile devices to areas of the world that previously didn't have access to the internet
I would say Microsoft's decision to create an open source version of Visual Studio has changed the IDE landscape in a very short time
RT Audio and video testing have been unlocked for Apple #developers! 🔓 Check out the rest of the #CICD benefits of dedicated ho…
It'll be so good to see you again Alyss!
Malmö is beautiful
OH: We had the wheel, and then we've gotten a little ahead of ourselves since
This thread by Heidi is really good, and having seen some of this first hand recently, something we really need to start thinking about
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s SpaceX Crew-3 Splashes Down -
Ahh, a stroll through Brummy always warms the heart
Hmmm 🤩. Noted.
That's coming back? Oh my....
Here we go again 😂 Also, amazing pizza on display there
Yeah, the 7th is any Applebee's
Hah I think I got the same email somewhere This one wasn't even a recruiter... It was someone wanting me to pay them money to help me speak better
What the hell? She's from Ukraine. STFU.
I hate when you get in the drive-thru line thinking it's moving quickly, only to spend ONE HOUR in line with no way to get out.
Oh I love it Sasha! 🤩 💙💛
Or Waco
Day 7 and I took my last Paxlovid dose this morning, and will continue with the Mucinex for what little congestion is left, as well as dropping extra Zinc and Vitamin-D3 to help my immune system continue to fight. Feeling really good, all things considered.
There's a compelling tweet I'm sure that combines all three. And it will get 5 likes.
RT Dear managers of high profile women and NB employees: At some point a man* will ask you to fire your employee because the…
RT This is a really excellent plan for what to do when an event attendee or speaker tests positive — what are our responsibil…
So I'm gonna go out on a limb here, and say that since I haven't replied to a single one of your unsolicited emails since the first one back in February, "where to go from here" is for me to mark your email as spam. GTFO
Dude .. thanks Sharat! 🙏
Yep. There are always limits
I will be speaking at #cdcon in June, hoping to break through all the noise on #DevOps buzzwords. Interested in attending? Use code CdCon22AMB20 &amp; save 20% off your registration. Register at: I hope to see you there!
"I CAN HAZ MY DEATH FREEDOMS!"
Could be an interesting shirt promoting vaccines and science...
I finished my Paxlovid doses this morning, and will be glad that aptly described taste will be gone, soon?
RT Q: What do these flags all have in common? 🇨🇴 🇪🇪 🇱🇰 🇧🇪 🇧🇦 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 🇫🇮 🇺🇸 🇲🇰 🇷🇺 🇦🇷 🇮🇳 🇲🇽 🇩🇰 🇮🇱 🇫🇷 🇦🇺 🇳🇱 🇺🇦 🇭🇺 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 🇩🇪 🇨🇦 🇿🇼 🇳🇴…
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-3 on the Way Home Aboard SpaceX Dragon Endurance -
Wow.. that's Magnet on steroids lol. Makes more sense given the size of screens these days.
RT The DevOpsDays community stands with our friends &amp; family in Ukraine. Please donate and support this special DevOpsDays e…
RT Oh, hey there, #developercommunity! So we just published a list of some a-maz-ing speakers who will be helping to make #kcdc2022…
Yeah, been using Magnet for years. I would love to know what you like about this over Magnet (assuming that's one you tried)?
RT “The word abortion doesn’t appear in the Constitution” Neither does the word woman. Would you like to go down that path?
Me too (or is it three?)!!!
I have one... but I kinda want to keep it
RT I'm live with from on YouTube and Twitch! Come join the fun and learn about using Postman and CircleCI…
RT We're live! Postmanaut has invited Developer Advocate from to explore building continuous d…
Wait... I'm gonna need you to explain that to me.
Does someone get extra points on a PCR test if they also include a booger? Asking for a friend.
RT Whether you are code signing the next great mobile application for millions of users or testing new firmware on that Raspberr…
I bet they're Concacaf referees
Day 6 and the symptoms are almost all gone, I've left quarantine and am home. Finally. I have 1 more dose of Paxlovid and that's done. Per CDC guidelines, I will be wearing a mask 100% of the time over the next 5 days, testing regularly, and hopefully all clear next Monday.
.... you just gotta pay for it
So proud of the team, especially getting this across the line as we continue to iterate in building a great #community at CircleCI!
You definitely won… You made a toddler jealous _AND_ get free BBQ.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JEREMY!!!!
RT Community is at the center of successful conferences and events. It’s the only function that contributes across the entire…
Oh stop, your hugs are great too. We hug the best together, how's that? 😝
I'm looking forward to speaking at for the first time! I'll be talking about some of the different buzzwords in DevOps and hopefully make sense of them! If you haven't registered yet, you can get a discount using the special code "speaker20" at
RT Hey, attendees! We're excited to be at the event and can't wait to see you there. Make sure to swing by our…
Today's Image of the Day: Black Holes Are Hard to Find -
RT Four reasons developer relations can create great content for dev-focused companies: 1. They already have the raw ingredients 2…
I love mine. I have 3 of them I think, and have been happy. I have the normal carry on, the bigger carry on expandable, and the medium size.
Oh I'm there. Wouldn't miss it.
Yeah, those were scary, trailblazing days
RT “Every man is born rich with opinions on issues he will be nakedly ignorant about for his entire life. I don’t know how e…
Visual Source Safe and Team Foundation Server. 🤬
RT I’ve gotten this wrong in the past — referring to the impacted group as “women.” was generous enough to…
RT
I wish, but won't be able to make this one. You will have to survive with just
Just so we're clear Kavanaugh and Gorsuch weren't being "inconsistent" in their testimony, they were lying. They perjured themselves. Are you concerned now? Everyone knew this was what was going to happen, but you just didn't care.
Very jealous
This joke is never gonna get old
Thanks Marc
This thread is gold.
On Day of 5 quarantine, I'm feeling pretty good and my symptoms have continued to decrease. Paxlovid definitely helps. I will be able to leave and go home tomorrow, which I'm really looking forward to, instead of this hotel room.
Same, I drove home from it, used Tylenol and Advil, ice, and it was fine.
Hell yeah. Cost me a cheap copay, and you might even get a cool story out of it like me.
RT Right now would be a great time for dudes to do the bare fucking minimum and get that 15-minute vasectomy.
RT Reminder that if you’re still using Dilbert shit in your slides/presentations you should stop now. I mean you should ha…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Celebrates Teachers! -
RT If you didn't get vaccinated because you claimed it was your body and your choice but now you're spouting off about th…
That's because you're an asshole.
I need to rewatch it all before the last season releases... I started watching on iPlayer, and then decided to stop and just watch it on Netflix
I mean it kinda fits with the American people losing trust in your shenanigans and politicization of the Court. Stands to reason that internally you would all not trust each other. You're deplorable.
I love mine, and use it for all of my notes during meetings, etc. I don't take it when I travel, though I often wish I did.
Yeah, my number came up. I've been progressively feeling better, and I'm glad about that.
They both played today like their younger selves. Mata at the 10 was brilliant, and showed what could have been had he played more against the mid-table teams. He doesn't have the legs to be a game-in / game-out player, but against those teams he could have been a game changer.
Wesley, I have treasured every interaction we have had. Your insight and empathy makes me want to always be better, and your smile makes me warm. I truly value our friendship. Happy Birthday 🥳🎉
Thanks! I set IFTTT up to reshare because there really is some great content and I figured other would want to see it too!
YES! You got it! That's part of the joke, and what makes the shirt so loved by everyone that sees it.
Day 4 of isolation, and feeling progressively better. Sinus congestion is getting better, but I'm still a bit tired. Hoping that goes away soon.
I'm sure it's not much different than the Epson
RT We have another exciting #PostmanLive scheduled for this week. Postmanaut has invited Developer Advocate
Today's Image of the Day: Misty Snopkowski: Working to Make Commercial Space a Reality -
What could go wrong?
Probably a good idea to start a topic on with all that you're trying to do, and your config if possible, so we can see the full context and hopefully assist.
As George mentions above, you can. Here's some more info from the docs
Oh that sucks so bad Amara! Hopefully your symptoms will be light and quick!!
Yep. Feel this.
"C'mon hooman, I'm waiting for my bed"
RT May Day, aka International Worker’s Day is a great day to remember that nobody earns a billion dollars, and if you are…
I really wish I could wear Vans or Chuck Taylors or others like them, but the flat sole with little to no arch support sucks on my feet. Even adding new insoles doesn't work on them. 😥
We've had one of the Epson Labelworks printers for quite a few years and they work great. It's like this, but isn't "industrial".
Ugh, I added mint green tea and that helps too
Yeah, I've luckily felt relatively light symptoms, more like a bad head cold and a bit sleepy. I am however stuck in a hotel room in SLC, which makes it a bit more bleh. I'm taking Mucinex 12hr twice daily, and adding zinc and vitamin D3 supplements, and also started on Paxlovid
Yeah, that's been me the last few days
RT Good morning Please stand with Ukraine 💙💛 Donate through DevOpsDays Ukraine 🇺🇦
RT Deploy application environments on demand with the Quali Torque orb
Day 3 of isolation, and I'm stir crazy lol. Doctor ordered me Paxlovid yesterday so I started that, and should help my full recovery. It does leave a weird taste in my mouth, and makes it feel constantly dry - but that does mean I keep hydrated, so, win?
Supply chain issues hitting charcuterie boards is not the timeline I signed up for
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Happy Birthday Ken!!!
"Entering"? I think we've been in that for awhile now.
Finished #OzarkSeason4Part2 and it's so good. Good finality, even though you weren't quite sure where it was going even midpoint through the last episode
I can't remember who first showed it to me, but that was my response as well! I do it now whenever they don't stay together.
Hah nice. Are you in Portland now?
Wow, the Meditative Man for a new generation
Show me you travel as part of your job, without telling me you travel as part of your job. I'll go first.
Of course it's email campaign clickthrough rate
How much does it cost per seat for the complete DevOps?
RT Say goodbye to siloed CFOs. CircleCI’s Chitra Balasubramian spoke to about the chance the #CFO has to bridge dispa…
All of this would just devolve into the movie Pixels
Oh absolutely... It's an intriguing idea
Yeah that's one I was looking at too
Sure!
I do feel like live tweeting taking it through security the first time could be fun, but then again with my luck they wouldn't take the bait.
Interesting, and more feasible if it's companies I would think. The problem is you would have to restrict to only companies, otherwise the individuals donating to get a feature done by a maintainer tend to equate $$ donated as personal support. Seen it happen too often.
Yeah there are lots of options on Amazon (travel humidifier), in all different sizes and such. Most contain a reservoir, but I went with this one as it is easier to pack, and also more versatile with using water bottles or a glass
RT Good morning Please support Ukraine 💙💛
At the suggestion of I bought a travel humidifier that works with normal water bottles. I look forward to explaining to airport security what it _IS_ and what it _IS NOT_ 😂🤣😂
Congrats Jay, and looks like an interesting one at that!!
I stopped soon after it dropped my history a few days after the migration to NYT. Kept meaning to go back, but finally gave up.
Gotcha. Ok. Plotting my way forward over the coming days.
I feel this so much, so much of the time. I love you Tim, and care about you.
That's some serious "Jesus is my boyfriend" vibe
Dang... Ok good to know. Was it a rapid antigen or PCR?
I think it would be a good move, but how I see it playing out is the same "I gave you money, Y U NO FIX MY ISSUE?" that these bounties usually spiral into
So it's taken this long to get a negative test?
Thanks Swarna! They're like a bad head cold now, so just drinking green tea, hydrating, and resting.
Thanks Zan 💪🍕🍵
But the micro breweries and micro gastropubs....
Thanks Kim!
It's like they've let their melanin deficiency get to their head
That was so fucking annoying lol. Gotta make it happen.
To go along with a micro mortgage
Probably only a fraction cheaper there in Austin.
Todd, thanks for this. I've never thought you looked angry, and I do enjoy all of our interactions and times we've hung out! I hope there will be more of that in the years to come.
You mean you don't live in those little cubby holes in the big mailbox complex?
Thanks Rachel. That's the plan!
Went to bed early (after ordering pizza) and slept pretty good last night, waking up around 2 and watched some Ozark but fell asleep again until now. My symptoms seem to still be just a bad cold with a light cough, so I have Mucinex, water, and green tea on tap.
Thanks Jason!
Thanks TK
So since I'm not going anywhere for a bit, I know what I'm doing... 📺🍵🤧
An absolutely great thread well worth your time
Thanks B Diddy
Thanks Brian, a sheer stroke of luck I guess.
Thanks Zach
Me too! Thanks!
Thanks Todd
Thanks Scott
RT Listen. I've really only got one piece of career advice. Do weird shit.
What's sad/disappointing/bad about this, is I'm quarantined for 5 days in a SLC hotel since I was here for PyCon. Didn't even get to enjoy my first one!
Yeah, that's what I'm hoping for myself
Me too... I'm stuck in the hotel in SLC (didn't really get to enjoy PyCon lol) until my 5 days quarantine are up
Thank you Laura!
Thank you
Thanks Greg.
Yes it does. As do masks. I think I'm back to only going to conferences that have a vaccine and mask mandate. The last one was not requiring either, and I was a bit lax obviously on my masking throughout the event.
So after over 2 years, 💉💉💉, &amp; traveling to multiple conferences in US/EU since last August, I've finally caught COVID. I was negative on Wed after DevOpsDays Denver &amp; positive today after being told of exposure at the conference. My symptoms are just a bad cold right now 🤞 😷
RT 🙌 Writing and deploying orbs just got even easier! Check out the updated `circleci orb init` command, documentation, and migr…
Wow! The end of an era! You've done amazing things there, and I can't wait to see your next adventure! Congrats Tierney.
Really love what Docker has become, and where they're going. You definitely want to check out this episode!
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Victor Glover: Inspiring Washington Area Students -
OH: "You take conference for a language with significant whitespace, and put it in a place with white space."
Of course
Let me know if you need more
RT Unisex shirts are not the same as women's shirts. If you asked men to walk around at professional effects in ladies' cl…
RT The final countdown! Our #CfP closes in 12 hours from now! Get all your talk proposals in or be square ⏹️:
RT Can I steal HUGH for a second? #TheBachelorette #DeadpoolAndWolverine ❤️💛
RT 90% of starting a company is about building a dope product that makes peoples lives better, the other 90% is about proving pe…
RT This month (July 30th) at the #DevOps KC Meetup we will be joined by Curtis Blackthorne, speaker at this year's
RT some quick AI thoughts on: 1. large models and enterprises 2. AI gateways as abstract interfaces 3. training data and the ope…
It's the little things that bring us back
Oh yeah. And thick skin since it would melt on the metal on those and the slides
Oh yeah, and they would just say, "Rub some dirt on it and get back out there."
"We got no food, we got no job, our pets' heads are falling off!" is one of the greatest lines in the history of the movies.
I'm part "/me sits back with 🍿 to watch the world burn in the replies" and part "I don't think you can go wrong with either? I think they're both highly common in all of the cloud infra as defaults." So, it depends?
Congrats Heather!
Yeah could do that, a lot of that still would violate Code of Conducts. But a play off of that like "Once Upon a DevOps" could work
For you Mike. Only for you.
I mean... Right.
That was my nickname in college
Is it possible to do a Deadpool-themed Ignite talk and keep it PG? Asking for a friend....
I realized that I didn't explicitly convey the same offer to you Chris... Always happy to be a sounding board.
I got 3
On it.
Congrats Jay! Amazing news!
RT We're excited to be one of the sponsors and looking forward to this year's event!
I feel like most readers of this headline or the article respond with a big "DUH!"
RT Scheduled pipelines help improve the #developer experience. Read tutorial to get some of the key advantages, then…
Carry an extra Anker battery pack
RT Suggested Read: I'm not quitting Twitter, and neither are you #devopsish
Today's Image of the Day: Improving Weather Data Using High-Altitude Balloons -
What about your husband exposing himself to underage girls at a bowling alley?
Just noticed #Ozark Season 4 Part 2 comes out this Friday.
Hey #PyConUS2022 , turns out I'm here! Come by the CircleCI booth during the Expo days and say HI! We have some cool swag and things to win!
Waiting.....
RT Too many Republican leaders say they put America first, but really they put themselves first and America last. #J6
RT Can I get a Puck Yeah? 🏒 Meet #Shoresy on May 27.
RT Elon Musk keeps tweeting that he loves free speech. So here's a thread with just a few of the countless examples showing…
RT Elon Musk weaponizes the platform for his own ends.
Today's Image of the Day: NASA's SpaceX Crew-4 Launch -
RT I really can’t express how much I treasure service teams that take the time to demo and brief internal DevRel teams on th…
My inner junior high personality can't help giggling thinking about "tooting" on main
Great write up from on joining Mastodon and setting up crossposts between the platforms. I'm 🐘jerdog Feel free to follow, not sure how much I'll post but we'll see.
RT “Matt, you once said ‘you’re the only guy in tech who wears a suit who I like’” “Well, that was before I met Corey” “Wh…
RT Elon aside, can anyone explain to me how Twitter will hire/keep employees since there isn’t company stock to create competiti…
💙
RT Some of this should be obvious: no org has the same number of principal/staff/sr/mid/jr engineers. The less obvious part: i…
RT If you're an organization that hosts events and you use the code of conduct in attempts to silence people from disagre…
Good meeting up with #devops friends at #DevOpsDaysRox again!
RT I’d hoped to hear something official from the CNCF or the LF by now, and unfortunately I’ve heard nothing. I understand…
RT Not a single child has died in a mass reading, yet they're banning books instead of guns.
RT Join us this Thursday, Apr 28 at with &amp; for an evening of free food, drinks, swag a…
I missed the start of talk at #DevOpsDaysRox on "Continuous Improvement: DevOps &amp; Mental Health", but definitely making sure I rewatch the full talk when they're posted. He's talking my language around how ADHD affects us, and it's touching an emotional chord with me.
Free speech you say? You might want to go back over the bills you've been signing and the things you've been saying. Oh, and maybe give the a read while you're at it. #Hypocrite #GOPHypocrisy
There are _SO_ many better options without all that shitty sweet creme nonsense
I mean, you're a heavy sleeper, right Rich? Just asking...
Now hold on... Don't dismiss is just yet
Right? Just spin up kubes and sit back and relax!
I'm with you, though I like to have video as an option to see how it's supposed to work _after_ following the written content
I _hate_ Charbucks. There's nothing new there. This morning I needed some green tea and something to eat. I get the green tea (ok it's good - but it's green tea, c'mon) &amp; decide to get the Sausage, Egg &amp; Cheddar biscuit. Worst thing I have had in probably my entire life.
Yeah it was always something
TBH, nothing really. Mastodon always is brought up, and there are some good guides to help transition ( but it's a mess. I still have a thought that it probably won't happen (shareholders still have to approve &amp; due diligence still has to be done).
Today's Image of the Day: An Angel Wing in Space -
Absolutely
It will be a good one!!
When is your next DevOpsDays?
RT OH: I appreciate the fact that Twitter became the main character of Twitter today.
This is now a thing Rich.
Aww, the good ol' days
Yeah that was my take a few years ago, I can't imagine how confusing it is now
You're just jealous Rich
RT The Gorgeous Hairs of DevOps #DevOpsDaysRox
Yeah, I'm sure there's somewhere, but it's a pipe dream lol
👏💯👏
Right? It's been a long time coming
Not that I recall... Slack had the ability to interface with IRC, but was not based on IRC
Terrible take. You should be ashamed.
This is solid from PyCon
Me neither really... It has been awhile, so relearning the commands would be a pain, but heck - it's IRC
RT A lot of white men are playing stupid today. A person who has had every company they have owned embroiled in racism cla…
We're all going back to IRC
And then I hang them on my office wall and get a new case!
This was an amazing talk!
Yeah! Sent you a DM!
Well fuck.
This may be a hot take, but I don't care... OKRs have become completely useless when we reach the point that we use vanity metrics to show we "achieved" something
Especially depending on the woods in use for the chamber
It's an area prime for disruption
It's usually 's head in my pics
And your head
Final words: Synchronize on reliability via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Failure happens, embrace it. Start by acknowledging it, and then measure it. Then explore it. Be proactive about exploring it. Utilize chaos engineering (inject flaws into systems to predict how something will react) via at #DevOpsDaysRox
We can turn to intermediaries to help standardize the comms, and diversification across tech, people, etc. Adopt the best tech to solve the problem you have. Borrow ideas from different tech for how they solve the problem you are working on.
Because of the sync between systems and chaos, we can sync on reliability instead
With chaos theory, there's an underlying principle of "chaos synchronization" when the systems interact.
The second area we are connected, is our reliance on "component interconnectedness". That reliance on services, software, and culture dictates how we build software and systems
There are 3 ways we are connected, the first being "service interconnectedness" via at #DevOpsDaysRox
So our complex, often interconnected systems have us always trying to get a handle on the chaos that can happen. via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Chaos is about predictability. Sometimes we think about it all being random. But we can predict over the long-term how things will behave. Enter "chaos theory" via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Our world is chaos...organisms mutate and make new species, some thrive, some go extinct. What does that mean for us if everything could just go extinct for no reason? via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Now we have on "The Synchronization of Chaos"
There's still time...
Matty's slides for this great talk
Closing words, "Let's take DevOps back!" via at #DevOpsDaysRox
For all those at come find me (I am hard to miss 😁 ) for some unique CircleCI stickers! #DevOpsDaysDenver #DevOpsDaysRockies #DevOpsDays
When we think about Deploy, it doesn't matter until it's in production.. (went fast to the end so missed a bunch, slides to follow) via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Build pillar of Cloud Engineering, along with culture, lean, measurement, and sharing via at #DevOpsDaysRox
There are 3 pillars of Cloud Engineering Build Deploy Manage via at #DevOpsDaysRox
According to Matty, "Cloud Engineering" is a word which can help get us away from the word salads of "Dev(x)Ops" via at #DevOpsDaysRox
DevOps is being sold to you, but you can't buy it. But Matty's selling it. via at #DevOpsDaysRox
After all the things we've done, things still aren't amazing with DevOps... What happened? It's all about automation? Or will Kubernetes save us all? Is "culture" just for yoghurt? via at #DevOpsDaysRox
And of course there's Emily Fucking Freeman's definition 👏👏🎉
And then the definition from Andrew Clay Shafer via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Good definition of #DevOps around people, process from Donovan Brown via at #DevOpsDaysRox
It's called "DevOpsDays" because "Agile System Administration Conference" was too long via at #DevOpsDaysRox
We've come a long way from the beginning usage of #DevOps via at #DevOpsDaysRox
Kicking off 2022 is talking about “The Journey From DevOps to Cloud Engineering”
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I, Crew-4, &amp; Starlink Rockets on the Pad -
Oh I have free bags, but rarely check unless over 5-7 days. I was referencing the general public 😂😝. And since some of my flights currently end up regional commuters (the new MCI isn't built yet), I do see jetway bags a fair amount. Also, sex waffles you say?
It's the hidden way to avoid the $ for the checked bag. It's even better when you can pick it back up at the end of the jetway instead of the carousel.
I survived last night... The light from the clock actually shines on the pillar so I can see it. I might just be ok. 🤞
Luckily I survived last night... The light from the clock actually shines on the pillar so I can see it. I might just be ok.
Didn't notice that till now. Thanks.
Oh that's pretty normal
Super 70s homeowner vibes
I would gladly take those rooms because it is just me... Who cares if my bare ass is visible?
Yeah, I fully anticipate finding all my toes over the next few days
I just hope, like the tooth fairy, she gives good gifts
Same reaction
Will it though? 😝
The pillar gives and the pillar takes away
RT You can see the full details here: and once again, the PyCon organizers are being a model that many o…
Yep. Free as in beer
You can use that in a slide Mr. Senior UI Engineer
I am _definitely_ running into this hotel room pillar during the middle of the night
Oh yeah, completely confused us both for a sec
See, even Twitter kinda gets it
Wow! That does look good!
Goody goody
C'mon I need an option to not be interested in the _LEAST_ about IPA's
You both are tossers... I don't see that happening.
I hate geese. This makes me hate them more. "Guard geese?" No thank you.
Sounds delicious. Me too.
RT Who am I going to see at this week??!
Yeah I can't do virtual conferences. I was actually going to be there (CircleCI is sponsoring) but I really needed to be home with the family for a few days before heading back out.
It's so fucking good
Now I wish I was going...
I like Charlie.
In my experience this tends to be due to docs being written with a lot of assumptions already in place (like technical knowledge, workstation setup, etc) instead of being written for the least common denominator. Good docs keep this in mind.
So do I. Where's mine?
Also Happy Sunday morning
Monster
Seems like "hey I'm wearing a mask!" and "I hate wearing this thing, death to the man" doublespeak
Well, did you Mat?
The question is, did YOU? 🤣😂
Or make a stout that isn't just a dark porter
Yeah no thank you.
Dude, why you asking your dog to pet you? Let him be at peace and pet your own dang self.
You'd think so, but like sense, it's not so common anymore
I can't even with those words... What in the hell is wrong with people?
My late Grandmother would do this when playing with friends and family _while_ playing games with us kids at the same time. True legend.
Had that kinda happen in Munich. Took a nap in their pods across from the gate and my alarm went off for 10min before I woke up, and the gate was empty. Evidently they had been calling my name and I slept through it. Gave me quite the evil side eye when I boarded.
Same here. Multiple exposures, avoided COVID.
I feel this today. My flight was set to board at 625a, and because I fly out of MCI, I knew I could cut it close. But I couldn't, since no ride share service had drivers, or they kept canceling. Wife had to take me at 540a which was not ideal. But I made it.
RT Aight Frenchies and Slovenes, let's go kick some fascist butt out of office at the polls today! 🗳
Dude, fuck that noise. You're amazing, handsome, and I love you.
Looks like they got some great suggestions already that I'm going to have to check out
Ok, fine. It isn't bolo-asshole. You're a regular dude like me. But you suck.
I think I just spotted you... You're the bolo-wearing mofo who just flounced (yes, flounced) up to the gate assuming you could board. Joke's on you.. the gate attendant isn't even there yet and the door is still closed.
Seat's 1C and 1D: Me wearing a mask means I can mouth everything I'm thinking and you can't tell. #MaskBenefitNumber9654
Asshole, you're gonna be easy to spot... You're in 1C or 1D.
Which one of you assholes here at the boarding gate stole my seat upgrade?
RT Kindness is renewable energy. Pass it on.
Must have all the rose things
👏👏👏👏
Yep.
Don't forget the rosé
RT 🎼 The OpenSea Shanty: 🎶There once was a grift they called web3 🎵 The name of the grift was NFTs They pumped them up, the va…
Yeah, my wife's landscaping business she started focuses on native plants, trees, etc - but has said the same thing about Colorado 🤣 (she lived there until Jr. High)
RT I don't care that Madison Cawthorn likes to wear lingerie in his free time. It doesn't bother me, and it doesn't affect me. I…
Dude, my phone number is in your phone.
An occasional 6ft deep hole couldn't hurt either. With lyme at the bottom.
Yeah, one was a trailer park iirc. Josh Hawley (R-MO), convinced MO to elect him even though he has lived in VA long before he ran for the seat and used his sister's address in MO as his. The Party of projection (see Cawthorn &amp; his lingerie photos while railing against LGBTQ+).
Adam.
Geez... That's a lot to take in all at once.
CONGRATULATIONS YOU TWO!!! 🎉🎊
RT BREAKING: Florida bans programming books that mention race conditions.
This place looks good
RT
Well, I heard Taco Bell is a good TexMex option
Well, there it is. Gunners make good work of their chances.
Two rockets from Dalot off the woodwork and two open goal misses from Bruno. What in the hell?
Which would explain then the issues they had. Good job to the pilots.
FFS... Two open goal misses from Bruno
Arby's has the meats!
RT This Manchester United team are the only side in world football that could have a goal against them ruled out for VAR then…
RT GOAL! pulls one back! #MUFC | #ARSMUN
RT 4 - Since the 2003-04 season, is one of four players to score 100+ goals in two of Europe's big-five leagues (LaLig…
There we go... Perfect delivery and finish.
Austin has a really great, and unique McDonald's
FFS... Leaky defense alteady
Nice day for a match... Let's see what happens. Winner buys dinner at cdCon. #GloryGloryManUtd #MUFC
Only two people on board?
WOW! I didn't know this was a thing! I'm going to go get a copy!
It's how you get "the full Italian"
RT New beginnings. 🔴⚪⚫ x 🔴⚪🔵 #MUFC || #WelcomeErik
I can't recall
Congrats Savannah!! I'm loving what I've seen so far from Neon, and can't wait to see your impact!!
OH: I've only had sake from a little figurine shooting it out on a hibachi Me: What in the holy hell...?
RT So far today we learned that Trump secretly gave away our COVID supplies to Putin, that Trump quashed the 4500 tips ab…
Especially with the BK crown on the dashboard
So sorry Jenn! A definite loss for them. Let me know how I can help, and my network is yours!
RT After an incredible journey, my time at Aiven has come to an unexpected end today. I was laid off. I’m now on the lookout f…
ADHD, anxiety, and depression. 💪🤘
So sorry Matty 💙🫂! When you're ready, let me know how I can help or if you need to talk.
RT Sad to share that as of today, I have been laid off &amp; will be leaving my great team at Aiven. It's been a privilege to le…
Oh not even a high-deductible plan. HSA options are the default. If you want a PPO then it's minimum twice as much per paycheck. And a high-deductible plan is less than the PPO, but more than the HSA. It's fucked up.
"Oh, and that $3,500 deductible? That's just for you. Each dependent covered under the plan has their own $3,500 deductible, unless you've managed to pay a total of $7,500 for the entire family and then we'll cover things."
"Sure, we provide prescription medication coverage, but before you get that prescription for $10, you'll have to pay $35 until you reach your $3,500 deductible."
"Sure, we'll cover chiropractic but you'll have to meet your $3,500 deductible before we'll start covering those 10 visits."
It is such an American thing to have to pay 10 times as much for healthcare from my employer than I did 5 years ago, to get far less coverage and benefits in return
Congrats! Happy Day 1 and First Week!
RT Join us for this year's in Atlanta, the largest multi-framework front-end conf in the US! Get up to speed on t…
RT
Congrats Phil! Awesome news!
Another is 'git add -i' which gives you an interactive menu to the 'git add' options
So is 'git add -i' which gives you an interactive menu
Finally!
Wow, congrats Kurt! That's awesome! Will you be at DevRelCon? Maybe we can finally meet in person!
I'm trying to figure out how to get to their show in KC in a few weeks without breaking the bank =/ I have missed them every time, and this is the last time =( How was the show?
RT The British just voted out their fascists in a landslide. Let’s not buck the trend.
"Grownish Gambino" 🤣😂💀
They are good!
So my final kid is learning to drive. Finally.
I'm bouncing around a few myself, inspired by the footie I've been watching so much of recently
What's so ironic is that the statement from the Court's defenders proves the literal point that the general public is saying
I'm ready for another day of watching #EURO2024 !! #ENGvsSUI #NEDvsTUR
Oooh and when you're done there, come over to my house (since you'll be in the city) and play Fallout. 😜
I feel ya 😬 happy to be a sounding board
Tell me your favourite, and why it's peaches
Biscuit wishes you all have a relaxing weekend
There are no other
TFW the Signal chat is dormant and then someone mentions karaoke
The realest flex of all time.
Damn that's so good. Levar is a treasure.
Where on earth are you giving a 90min keynote? That sounds absolutely horrific.
Definitely a charge since he didn't block
GlueCon will be awesome, for all these reasons and more!
RT We’re taking steps to improve Gen2 fleet capacity for #macOS customers—here’s what you need to know:
Looking forward to a great user conference with the Orbit team, and I am excited to be participating!
Wow! Can't wait to hear about what you have planned next!
RT Don't see how catching and putting this one serial killer in jail will end murder forever so why bother tbh
RT In this episode of What Matters, sits down with developer advocate for a conversation on t…
WOW! CONGRATS ASHLEY!!
RT Whenever you create content for developers, focus on use cases and problem-solving rather than what your product specificall…
"Feel free to bring problems, I'll help you find solutions" is the correct vibe
Yep, definitely done that
So sorry Brittany! 🧸 I know when my wife was pregnant, her dreams were very vivid and sometimes hard to process.
That sounds a bit suspect, since they had the rules already and now *magically* they might have issues with the local laws
For sure - changing your location via VPN does yield some great results
Nope! It's a new, amazing dimension!
Really good post by on the benefits your business fostering community. "How to Drive Business Growth By Fostering Your Community"
It's a bit weird working in my office at home after basically 3 1/2 weeks on the road, working from hotel rooms, conference venues, airports, trains, etc. All my settings in Zoom for which video &amp; audio inputs are all over the place &amp; my monitor setup keeps glitching. #devrelLife
RT “I represent Marjorie Taylor Greene,” said her lawyer with all the enthusiasm of a man looking at a plate of overcooke…
Hey Conference Organizers... Don't be like and and change health and safety requirements after everyone's already agreed to them.
Today's Image of the Day: A Sunrise Across Our World -
They're using Tailwind
Denver-vacinity friends, I'll be there this coming Sunday-Thursday for #DevOpsDaysDenver if you want to hang! Would love to see you.
That's what "Environment variables" are for
Hehehe
It's not either/or, but both/and
Ahh, I guess I didn't notice the price changes much since my T-Mobile plan covers some of it.
Hmm ¯\(°_o)/¯
Why is everyone canceling their Netflix accounts? Did I miss something?
Missed a spot on your nostril there Rock Lobster
RT What’s your most favorite thing about being in #DevRel 🥑 ?
Launch toilet paper bombs over the stall wall usually works for me to get the lights back on. But always check that you have enough in reserve. (Experience)
Congrats Tessa! They're lucky to have you and you are going to do amazing things there!
RT Never stop talking to your members, I repeat never. #cmgr
OH: "Couples who CI/CD together, stay together"
It’s my favourite season.
"Read my lips..."
A bit angsty over people calling a conference that took all the CDC rec precautions (vax or test, masks in groups, etc) a "super spreader" when less than .02% of attendees seemingly contracted COVID. That's far less than the positivity rate in that state (3%).
I've got some happy coworkers hanging with me now that I'm back home for only the 4th day over the last 23
RT crypto bros: we will create a shadow banking system actual banking system: lol. lmao.
Today's Image of the Day: Happy 32nd Birthday to Hubble! -
Woohoo, just got accepted to present at Come join us in Ft Lauderdale in June! #cicd #DEVCommunity
RT 🇳🇱 Made in the Netherlands. Ready for Manchester. 🔴 Erik ten Hag's next step is United. #MUFC || #WelcomeErik
Finally a full-time manager that's worthy of the modern game and should make an impact for #MUFC
Yessss! Me too! #cicd #devops
Same experience from BHM ✈️ ATL and then ATL ✈️ MCI. The flight attendants were also a bit split as well, which sucked. I wore a mask the entire time, and didn't get any looks so 👍
Yeah that is literally not how housing costs work
What in the hell?
RT The cost of losing good people is more than money.
Today's Image of the Day: Returning from the SpaceX Crew-4 Dress Rehearsal -
Good after conference dinner with these bozos
"penis"
With all the challenges, honestly is it even worth the hassle to work with Open Source? For JJ, "it depends", but he'll always be involved in open source. - at #devopsdaysbham
So with all that there are some successful traits for open source projects... 1- TRUST is the hardest thing, but the most important. 2- Accessibility 3- Clear Vision - at #devopsdaysbham
Celebrating activities happening in the community _NEEDS_ to be a thing in the OSS project. People need to know that you care, and nothing is to small to celebrate. BUT ALSO, you need to be open about the defeats as well. - at #devopsdaysbham
Nobody cares about the logistics you have to setup the OSS project - at #devopsdaysbham
You must have empathy for your audience and understand in your OSS project that (most likely) those working on the project are volunteers. Saying/doing the wrong thing can have disastrous consequences. It's not all 🦄 and 🌈. - at #devopsdaysbham
Two main buckets when you come to the OSS world... 1) personally-backed (requiring a lot of effort and responsibility on your part), and 2) corporate-backed (have to listen to the Corp for direction, resources, etc) - at #devopsdaysbham
It's extremely important to scope your project and involvement FIRST... Don't get too far ahead of yourself and create a Big Tent where you get things so big and create too much overhead with no direction - at #devopsdaysbham
Final talk of the day from on the lessons learned from cultivating open source projects and communities at #devopsdaysbham
RT New to the strict superset world of #YAML? has put together a helpful guide for this digestible data serializati…
RT Big news! The speakers for have been announced! Mark the date: Sept 21-22 in Chicago! #DevOpsDays
As a longtime flyer with I expect this to be their policy
I started watching Netflix's "Another Life" over the weekend, and it's quite a good Sci-Fi offering, and it has Katee Sackhoff!!
Do I like wearing a mask? No - does anyone? Will I continue to wear a mask on the plane and on public transit? Yeah, I will in most cases for sure. The court order forces the changes the White House &amp; CDC eventually would have to make, but we still need to listen to the science.
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-4 Arrives at Kennedy Space Center -
In addition to the slides to my talk, here is the link to our recent State of Software Delivery Report ( #devopsdaysbham
Thanks to all the attendees to my talk on the things we've learned about better software development principles through a panini at . As promised here are the slides ( [1/2] #devopsdaysbham
RT I am Serhiy Volyna, Commander of the 36th Separate Marine Brigade named after Rear Admiral Mykhailo Belinsky, am addre…
"Was at Top Golf with my bro's the other day..." (In my best Wayne from Letterkenny voice) h/t
Yeah the court order doesn't leave a lot of room for wiggle 🙃😕
OH: "Have you thought about not being left-handed?"
Yeah, same.
Yeah the court decision took it out of their hands and likely wouldn't stand up with the Court
Definitely looking forward to that Jay!
They're new JavaScript frameworks, right?
RT It’s no accident the median white family wealth is $147K &amp; median Black family wealth is $3600. In the 1940-50s the FHA ga…
Conclusion: Implementing a DevOps philosophy requires communication. - at #devopsdaysbham
DevOps Toolkit (cont.) - Monitoring/Observability - Communication (2/2) - at #devopsdaysbham
The DevOps Toolkit consists of - Development (make things easier for users) - Testing (it's necessary) - CI/CD (create pipelines) - Deployment (get it out there) (1/2) - at #devopsdaysbham
Chaos engineering isn't fire drills. It's putting together a real life outage scenario and helping you remove the silos so that you function together - at #devopsdaysbham
The idea is to be successful, and put into practice the philosophy and make lives easier through automation - at #devopsdaysbham
DevOps is about the behaviours which get adopted to enable your teams to work better together as you build for success - at #devopsdaysbham
Let's begin by defining what encompasses "DevOps" - at #devopsdaysbham
PJ is right at home on this stage for the musical "Once" #devopsdaysbham
Talk coming up by where he tells us about #DevOps Philosophy vs Practice at #devopsdays Birmingham AL
RT Looking to find and fix bugs in your code? 🐛 First, you need to discover whether your tests are flaky. Here’s how to discov…
Today's Image of the Day: Sunlight on the Atlantic Ocean -
I love the excitement around first year #DevOpsDays like here at
So sorry Lina 💔
It's so incoherent, like he just wanted to keep track of these things for his obituary
Reading comprehension a bit low, is it?
Bless your heart.
RT Ilhan Omar: Makes very valid point. Right-wingers who hate Ilhan Omar: “You are ‘attacking Christianity’ because I am stu…
Getting ready for with #DevOpsDays
Or run Linux on the desktop
RT If you are in America and have a library card, you can get access to thousands of Udemy Courses for free! I never knew a…
RT ICYMI: The new CircleCI integration with lets you view analytical data about your CircleCI jobs within the New Reli…
Also known as "grits"
Damn that's good.
I was just in ATL and ate the most amazing shrimp and grits (along with buttermilk lobster tail) at Atlanta Breakfast Club and I can't think of anything more acceptable to add to grits than shrimp
I've used the downvote button in this thread.. sugar does not belong in grits. Why is there a debate on this?
Daisy Dog is not amused
This is Southwest airlines. They're pretty lax from what I have heard, and their President has testified to Congress that masks shouldn't be required on planes anymore (he tested positive the day after making that statement fwiw)
OH1 at ATL bar: "What is the pandemic now?" OH2: "You mean the one that's not killing anyone anymore?" WHAT IN THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE? 723 people died yesterday in the US from COVID, and 2,266 worldwide. So sick and tired of you ignorant people.
As I'm heading out of ATL soon, I wanted to say thanks to and the entire organizing team for an amazing #DevNexus they put on this year, and for the genuine appreciation they showed the Speakers in the first Speaker Day I've ever attended.
It's Southwest. Unbelievable the flight attendants seem to be letting this go on.
Where the F are the flight attendants? This is abhorrent, and they're full in, and look to have been doing this for awhile already.
OH: "They had their hot tub up to 103F! I can only do 100F. That 103F wrecked me." Me to myself: "WTF Karen?"
That was a great short series, remembering all those amazing Jordan years
Not because of my employer, but definitely CircleCI. Second choice would be GitHub Actions or full GitLab.
I just about spit out my wine in the Delta lounge
Yeah, with all the climates I have been the last 3 weeks or so, I'm in perpetual allergy mode
Damn! Hope you get better soon Zach!
Yep. I got my hopes up.
So sorry Chris 😢❤️
It's clearly Yes. But also No.
Yes. And also No.
Wow! Congrats Julia 🎉! This is awesome!
What an amazing Team!!! Congrats 🎉
RT 75 years ago, Jackie Robinson competed in his first MLB game—despite facing vicious treatment and threats. Throughout his…
Same, and I'm traveling and will miss Easter at home. I'll get to spend it at a hotel in Birmingham, AL. 😑
Today's Image of the Day: Night Skies and National Parks -
Certainly. My DMs are open.
Yeah....
Happy birthday to someone who does so much for the #DeveloperCommunity -
OH at : "That hurt my fat"
The Team at Orbit is doing amazing things!!
"COLD" doesn't even describe it
We need to normalise those again too
The cookies.
Even though they both describe a use for one
But, why?
And you know I'm always here for it
So let's get some conversation starters going for this "new hallway track" - "Favourite talk so far?" - "Did you make sure to turn off your mic?" - "So what do you do?" - "First time here?" Add your own to the collective mindshare (Blame )
I saw that gif and literally had no idea what was going on but still almost used it
#devnexus2022 I'll be in the "Not Found" room in 20min talking about different buzzwords in DevOps, and then diving into CI/CD #devNexus
The pandemic has really taken a lot from us
Nobody talks to each other at the urinals anymore.
A good and transparent update on the recent outages we've experienced
Today's Image of the Day: Finding the Origins of Supermassive Black Holes -
Met a Speakeasy Karen tonight. Do not recommend.
But what about pets to solve JavaScript crimes?
Coming up next week is &amp; you can still get tickets via I'll be joining some amazing speakers &amp; talking about some of the interesting insights we've learned about high-performing teams through the Panini #DevOpsDays
"Hurt" by NIN was an amazing, emotional track. But when Rubin had Cash cover it, it blew me away and gave the song so much more depth. This article dives into the history of that iconic cover that still brings tears to my eyes.
RT Replacing scheduled workflows with scheduled pipelines gives you much more power, control, and flexibility. In this tutorial,…
Today's Image of the Day: Space Butterfly -
is experiencing Waffle House... A nice All-Star Special
Baby's first
Flap your arms really hard
LET'S GO
Communities and organizations: How to ensure a happy marriage?
RT It’s important to remember, #DevRel isn’t just talking heads. It’s writing hands, streaming voices. It’s bodies that show…
In this blog post, lays out the value of creating content that spawns other content, building on a previous concept, in order to educate and keep content alive and fresh
RT The story about Will Smith was in the news longer than a Supreme Court Justice's wife trying to steal a democratic ele…
RT For any new community (or group) you launch, I'd make sure there's crystal clear alignment on what type of group it is.…
Mainlining like a boss
Today's Image of the Day: April 12, 1981: Launch of the First Shuttle Mission -
RT Define the why of your community before you think of what &amp; how. #community #cmgr
Could not agree more with this - I've seen the best success in #community when these align!
RT #developermarketing is about understanding and attracting developers to your product/API/platform; #developeradvocacy is abo…
RT Calling all CircleCI users! Attend this month's webinar with to learn how your #CICD platform can help you improve t…
Same. And I want to be able to get up whenever I want to
I prefer the aisle, except for this unacceptable perk
I use an auto drip brewer from Cuisinart that's surprisingly good, that doses and brews the volume I choose. It's not bad - though I wish I had an espresso machine again, but #soon maybe. If I want to get more specialised I use my Aeropress or other various pourover options
Hmm not so sure? Maybe my callouses wore off
Calm down there Gareth
The lack of self awareness never ceases to amaze me. Like, for fuck's sake, your bag is hitting something. Maybe recognize that is _probably_ someone's shoulder? Could be a head on a smaller person.
My shoulder is already sore from the number of bags that have hit it as people carelessly move down the aisle as they board the plane.
I wouldn't know.
Whatever do you mean?
There's a blast from the past!
Today's Image of the Day: When Galaxies Collide -
Heading to today. If you're there, make sure to stop by the booth and say HI! Also I am speaking about various buzzwords in DevOps, why they might matter, and then dive into CI/CD on Thursday at 1:20p ET
Thank you for all the work you all do.
RT He’s wrong This world fucking runs on TCP/IP. How will those people find you without DNS? You gonna memorize those root zo…
At this point it's the least we can do 😔
I think you gotta grow your own or maybe a farmers market? We had some (mistakenly) grow years ago after my kids had a seed spitting contest
Get well soon Shar!
Wow! Are you ok?
Oh my... This seems amazing. 🤔
Fine.
RT Actually laughed out loud. This is the best kind of twisted genius.
RT Stoked to have join our team to drive developer content and education at ! I’m looking forward to…
RT Who are my Austin-area DevRel/DevRel adjacent folks who'd be interested in a meetup later this month or in the first half of n…
Oh my! I am glad they were there for you, and hope you heal well and quickly!
OH: If Nemo's mom wasn't killed, it makes the story worse. She never came back.
Enjoying an awesome Rye on Rye Barrel Aged Ale in this kickass pint glass I got for speaking this year
Do they not have movie theaters where you're going? 😭
I have secured tickets for me and my boys to #DeadpoolAndWolverine... LFG!
RT Friendly reminder that July 9 our #CfP closes! Get all your #PostgreSQL and Postgres Community related talks in before m…
Ohh! This is awesome, and they couldn't have brought on anyone better suited! Congrats Floor!
This. Right here, this. ☝️☝️
RT Hitting n-HUGH-stands soon.
Congrats! That's awesome!
This Nicaraguan coffee from Four Barrel Coffee in SF has some really nice, sweet tones to it, and nice to start off my travel week with! Shipped via at
Same to you!
Yeah, that's a great start to Monday. Hope everything sorts itself out and Summit is good! I wish I was going, but I'm heading to Atlanta for #DevNexus!!
Yep, there's a certain element of disdain and judgment that what you do is not really work
Oh that's a special kind of hell. Where are you headed?
Because we've been told for decades that the rest of the world has worse healthcare, and socialized medicine is evil and people die because of it, etc., and no one has ever questioned it.
RT Beautiful day to celebrate your 2022 National Champions 🏆
RT You think i wrote a song in support of "traditional American values"? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! You funny.
See ya soon
Wassup friends!!!
Not to mention voting on a Sunday so more people can vote?
My daughter was in an adaptation of it, and I just love that show. Such a good story and always brings tears to my eyes.
Yep, this 🧵 is the US health insurance scam
TIL an "alligator pear" is also known as an avocado
Can't read this idiot's tweet with a straight face.
You're an idiot.
I feel so left out
I feel I need to experience this
WTF?
Wait... Why are they a bad idea?
Biscuit has had a ruff day
Yeah this is for work ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
So sorry Chris! 😢 Heart goes out to your family during this time.
My M1 Pro 14" has been on order for 2 months now
Yeah... Being in London trumped anything else.
Last chances to provide your input on this valuable CI/CD metric/benchmark
I was always hoping it would take a turn towards Cage in Con Air
Definite Farquaad vibes
Yeah, I can't use Clear in Kansas City (until the new airport next year), but I got it last Fall when I was in a city that had it so I could use it everywhere else that had it, which is 95% of the places I fly to (and then out of) in the US
What, were you listening to Joe Buck?
Come on. XML.
Clear with TSA Global Entry is kickass. Sooo good.
Why Farrah?
Stay hydrated
RT We talk about how accessibility affects UX but we also need to have discussions around the DX (Developer Experience). Poorly…
It is the TRUTH!
Can confirm this same experience recently in London
That's literally never been said to me before.
I'm surprised they don't, given how much gushers over them
I don't buy them at all. What does that make me?
I mean that's a pretty low bar Tim
WELCOME! SO glad to have you all on the Team!
They didn't have it on this menu, but I did have it multiple times the last week. "Excited" and "black pudding" are rarely ever used in a good sentence.
I just don't think you all are doing it correctly.
Today's Image of the Day: Axiom Mission 1 at Pad 39A and Artemis I at Pad 39B -
RT “Everyone I meet who’s active on the internet looks tired as fuck in real life.” - Donald Glover
It's proper porridge Katie. There was not much room for it but I required that it was in the photo
Oh it was.
Today's Image of the Day: Axiom-1 at Pad 39A and Artemis I at Pad 39B -
He is McConnell
This is the question to ask every member in Congress, or running for office. McConnell provides here what his moral red lines are - he has none. At all. He is morally reprehensible.
Yep 😉
Ahh, fam!
Yeah their take is completely lacking any sense of reason, and more like someone who has an axe to grind
RT 1/Tomorrow morning will be different in America. Tomorrow morning every single little black girl in America can be tol…
Yeah, fair point.
I would posit that the reason it rings so magnificent for those of us who grew up on the originals is how much it connected the dots and went right into Episode IV, including the Vader scene. Takes nothing away from Rogue One, because it truly is the best.
Gotta sample things across multiple staff shifts in order to adequately assess
Absolutely. It's a masterpiece.
Yeah you can get omelets and such made adhoc as requested.
The Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse at LHR is IMHO the best lounge in the world. Custom made meals &amp; drinks delivered right to your table, comfortable atmosphere, highly attentive staff, pool table, haircuts, massages, Pelotons, showers. It's the reason I arrive 3 hrs before my flight.
RT Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson has been confirmed as the next Supreme Court Justice.
RT Ketanji Brown Jackson was confirmed by a 53-47 Senate vote as the first Black woman to serve on SCOTUS. It's a milestone…
RT Congratulations to Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson for her appointment to the Supreme Court. This is a great day for America,…
Yep. This one from a few years back also promises a good time
Without context British road sign 😁🤩
Great post from on concurrency and parallelism in CircleCI builds
Today's Image of the Day: Japan's Geiyo Archipelago -
RT QCon charges a premium price point, but I can’t remember the last conference I attended (of 100s) where every single talk wa…
Still some time to add your MTTR to the list
Words of wisdom that we took to heart
That new color is awesome
The number of shitty, manipulative things like this is wild. It's one thing to throw a question out that might trip someone up if they don't think about it, and it's a totally different one toy with emotions for your amusement.
Today's Image of the Day: Testing the Aircraft of the Future -
And the bio fits the pattern
For all their driving on the wrong side of the road, the pedestrians sure prefer to walk on the right side of the sidewalk
RT Yeah, that’s bad. Wish they would have taken any of the many other suggestions of active users who could have been added to t…
VIM!!!
They left it to a third party.. My guess is nothing materialises as the FBI couldn't find anything
Is that what they call it there? Is that an upgrade for him?
Craig would know
Right? Efficiency
RT It certainly does seem like the GOP and its activists are especially well represented for a party that keeps crying pe…
That's efficiency
I'm a professional Jess
Currently at The Feathers
This urinal is uncomfortably close to the sink in this pub
RT How long does it typically take your team to recover from any failed runs (MTTR)?
RT Good morning 💙💛 Please #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦
Damn... I'm in this tweet 😢😥
Sporting new tattoos with from the booth at #QConLondon
Admittedly, some headphones don't support it but it has been around since 2010.
Grew up with it... Sprinkle some cinnamon on top... DELICIOUS!
RT Kurt Cobain died 28 years ago today. Nearly every obituary or writing on his legacy mentions drug. Nearly none mention the…
Today's Image of the Day: Cold as (Dry) Ice -
One of those rare moments that show you the true character of a team. All KU had to do, up one and having the advantage with a player injured, was attack the basket and score. But they pulled it back, stopping the play, and allowing Bacot to be attended to. That's sportsmanship.
RT The celebration. #KUbball national champions.
RT This says it all… #KUbball
RT god bless the irish 🇮🇪🇺🇦
"Hello Zach, we are 2010, and we'd like to introduce you to Bluetooth multipoint."
RT Sorry but I have no sympathy for someone who played a large role in selling the public on the lie that gender dysphoria wa…
Ashton is amazing at this, and you should have her do this for your event
RT Fixed it
You deserve this ! Most games played by any player, and now a National Champ! Rock Chalk and thanks for everything you've done the last 6 years. #KANSASJAYHAWKS
RT like I said.. that’s a lot of rings for a team that needs to get more athletic 🤣
RT 2022… I bleed crimson and blue and winning is what we do!!! #NattyChamps
CONGRATS CB! Made Kansas (state and uni) proud! Let's get another one next year! #NationalChamps #kuhoops #KANSASJAYHAWKS
Great work David! Rock Chalk baby! #NationalChamps #KANSASJAYHAWKS
Three times now. Wear a mask people.
One of the few things to like about virtual
Lol this was an attendee in the crowd. Right in front of me. Twice (we are just now at the midpoint of the talk, so we may collect more data points).
Is that what someone means by "earworm"?
Gotta admire the chutzpah of a conference talk attendee who passes gas, loudly I might add, during the talk without batting an eye
And I thank you!
RT ROCK CHALK CHAMPIONSHIP
RT Congratulations to the team on winning the national championship. This team was fun to watch, and they earned the…
YES
RT YOUR KANSAS JAYHAWKS ARE THE NATIONAL CHAMPIONS 🏆
I'm sitting here in my London hotel room at 443a crying for JOY!! ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK KU!!? are #NationalChamps!! #MarchMadness #NationalChampionship #kuhoops
Yeah, love a good bartender. But the number of times I've been handed a pint that's got more head than Heed MacKenzie makes this an attractive option.
RT What if Tucker Carlson is whitewashing war crimes and is guilty by association? What if Tucker Carlson is a paid shill…
RT We've put together a small conference to benefit Ukraine on April 25-26! There are 17 amazing speakers joining in, and all o…
I would say "/subscribe" but I'm already on that newsletter mailing list
Oh I'm here for that content
RT The people in Russian media and politics who are building and executing the disinformation and propaganda campaign Are just…
Be safe
Oh it's definitely a thing. A fair percentage of the time it's said wrong.
LET'S GO JAYHAWKS
That's cute
RT Signs of a great Developer Advocate: 1. You can list the top pain points of your community with data to back it. 2. You can g…
RT Mark your calendars for devopsdays #StandWithUkraine - hosted by May 9-10 CFP is open…
Thanks for reaching out! Will continue over DM
Started in with this over a week ago, and it was pretty ugh (same symptoms and timeline you mention), but gladly wasn't COVID. Took about 5 days of active symptoms and then they've been waning since Thursday. Sinus congestion still slightly there, but about done.
RT
🙏 thank you
Hey so looking for people in the OSPO who contribute to or own google OSS tooling and enablement. Thanks!
Is there anyone in my Twitter that works at Google in their OSPO? Specifically around OSS tooling and enablement, but anyone in the OSPO is probably good.
And then line up to shit on your head when you fail
Back away slowly
Like that was a full on personal attack. Where do they get off?
RT If Jeff Bezos can afford to tear down a bridge to let his super yacht pass through, he can afford allowing Amazon workers to u…
This 🧵 details why Russia and Putin must be held to account for the genocide and atrocities they have perpetrated on the Ukrainian people.
What in the hell....? They can choke on a pile of dicks
Mmm yessss. I'm a fan.
It's my first time back in the UK since DevRelCon (Dev 2019)
LOL 🍿
I'm here for you James.
And that's it from at #QConLondon! Make sure to check out our latest State of Software Delivery 2022 report at for even more info on CI/CD and high performing team benchmarks
CI/CD Success is FREEDOM to deliver software on YOUR own terms - focus on quality and team wellbeing - faster adaptation to changes - self-documenting build/test/deploy - easy recovery from failure (so you can deploy on FRIDAY!!!) - at #QConLondon
And when things break, CI/CD gives you superpowers - broken deploys will happen - enable fast recovery &amp; reverts - favour small changes over large releases - this all happens when you PLAN, PREPARE, PRACTICE - at #QConLondon
All of this comes down to people. #DevOps is about people. -CI/CD is the whole org's responsibility (HUGE INSIGHT HERE PEOPLE!) - spread the knowledge to avoid bottlenecks - CI/CD is a handy onboarding tool - at #QConLondon
Looking beyond the cicd tool... - validating changes in prod - integrate with other tools you use - build/deploy info, where you need it? - who needs to know about it? - at #QConLondon
Security and risk management should be top of mind when dealing with CI/CD pipelines, and you need to - keep creds safe - automate security scanning - principle of least privilege - access control - manual approvals - at #QConLondon
Recovering from failure requires - insights into what's happening - log everything - easy access to logs and build artifacts - debug your builds _as_ they fail Via at #QconLondon
Speeding up pipelines doesn't mean that there won't be bottlenecks, which means you need insights into what's happening in your workflows and recovering from failure - at #QconLondon
Running your pipelines faster (important to getting fast feedback) - use rightsized resources - cache everything - run jobs and tests in parallel - run your workflows when they work for you - at #QConlondon
Speed is your time to: - run the pipeline - recover from a failed build - ship a feature - onboard a new team member Having a quality pipeline helps with everything you do. - at #QConlondon
"There are multiple dimensions of CI/CD success, which depends on what your needs are within the team. Dev? Fast feedback. QA? Quality code. - at #QConlondon
"A finely tuned CI/CD pipeline is just like automating your plant growing endeavors. Or sometimes there's risk of thinks going wrong. But it's rarely, if ever, the machines fault. #PEBKAC. We are going to talk about how to get better CI/CD success." - at #QConlondon
"Growing software is often like growing crops, and software dev lifecycle like the growing cycle. You could do things manually, or make life easier and employ tools that help automate (plows, harvesters, irrigation, etc. Software is the same." - at #QConlondon
"Think about the last time you deployed software...and you pushed the big red button, and then what happens? What are your options? I prefer B. It all comes down to automation." - at #QConlondon
RT STOP HYPING DAN PRICE.
Ready for to talk at #QConLondon about "Practical Tips &amp; Tricks for CI/CD Success"
Today's Image of the Day: Space Launch System Rocket at Dawn -
Yeah SFO is fine. I agree with you. Don't tell Tim though.
To all those at #QConLondon come check out our meetup Tuesday from 6-9p for free drinks and food! And maybe win some stuff.
RT We're excited to announce that CircleCI's own will be speaking at #QConLondon at 16:10 BST today! You can find more…
RT Don’t call yourself “pro-life” if you don’t think people should be able to afford life-saving insulin.
This is _exactly_ how you deal with shit laws like what Florida and other states are doing. I hope this is real, and that others follow suit.
It looks like it's done!!
Meh, it's London. I expect this.
London, I'M BAAAACK! (Yes, that's where MI5 and Bond are)
How about the underage children who your husband exposed himself to? You are all a disgrace.
RT Anyone who equivocates for Russia’s actions in Ukraine, or who argues that this war was always about NATO membership, o…
OMG.. this brings back memories of youth group
I'm so sorry Scott
Doing the lord's work they were. 🙃🤣
RT Mass executions. Mass rape. Starved cities. Deliberate shelling of hospitals, libraries, schools &amp; apartments. Genocide &amp; war…
Right? It obviously should have been Coke.
Just wait... The show begins at nightfall when you can watch your neighbors
Truth-telling.
I'm in England this week, and stayed up to watch this game. I'll be up late again on Tuesday EARLY to see the #kubball play in the National Championship!!! ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK KU! LET'S GO!
Hmm, after all the controversy over the #NCAA and their horrific officiating the first few weekends, especially with the idiotic lack of consistency on the block/charge call, they haven't shown a single replay of one in this first game, and they've all been terrible calls.
For the ones who invented it, they're the ones that define it in their minds.
RT I miss the internet
I mean, if ChalupaBatman isn't available, might as well go Kenneth
Yeah I saw they're on tour right now in Germany /me checks points....
God bless them
Right? I relish a good gallon jug of beer
Fun game to play with a friend while watching #EURO2024 matches - place bets with each other on how many yellow cards the referee will give out.
This 2002 album from Finch popped back up on my playlist and it's on repeat right now. So fucking good.
Enjoy this timeline cleanser y'all (via Insta
Yep.
And finally do what Berhalter keeps saying: "Learn from losing."
And finally do what Berhalter keeps saying: "Learn from losing."
Would anyone notice?
Hot take: Southgate and Berhalter are the same person. Prove me wrong. #USMNT #CopaAmerica2024
It's better now. I think someone from CONMEBOL went and moved a camera down to a normal spot. Ridiculous though.
What the hell is this view ? This isn't a FIFA24 game! Almost unwatchable. #USMNT #CopaAmerica
They played so well and kept it to the end. Good on them.
I hear should be available in the next few years
RT this link might be of interest to some of you
I have my ticket and plan on being there as well
I know they weren't at the Drum Room at #KCDC so I don't know that they have an excuse?
And now they're down 2! Go Switzerland!!
Very much so. They're lucky they're only down 1-0
OMG Brittany! I'm so happy for you both!
RT man what’s the point of “we’re putting ourselves on THE BLOCKCHAIN” as an april fools joke. it’s obviously a fucking joke t…
RT Among all the doom and gloom, we can always find hope in worker power.
RT Friendship is a type of love and should be treated accordingly. You have to show up for each other, be thoughtful of what'…
If recall correctly, we got quarters, and for the last few teeth I lost I got a silver dollar Kids today
Ok boomer
The first morning begins with a proper full English and a
RT It’s official‼️Amazon Labor Union is the first Amazon union in US HISTORY‼️POWER TO THE PEOPLE! #UnionStrong #ALUfortheWin
RT pro tip: if you can afford your own personal space program, you can afford to pay your warehouse workers union wages
I'm guessing we know where the cocaine-fueled Republican orgies are
Oh that's good. Hope it's real.
/me checking that it was still April 1 in the US when post was sent Huh?
RT Jill and I extend our best wishes to Muslim communities here in the United States and around the world on the beginning of Ramad…
Let me guess... The mechanical issue was the clock.
"That's was a really good idea. Do go on."
Me: Science: I wonder... Me: Science: Eureka! Magnetic turd!
RT The people have spoken and #k8sjeopardy will be back by popular demand! Keep an eye out for questions daily at 9am US P…
And I'm back in England for the first time since December of 2019. So glad to be here again.
How else is an overweight, older white guy in tech supposed to get across the notion that they LOVE developers?
Brilliant from on the shameful news coming out of CBS about #nostradumbass Mulvaney
Yeah no this needs to happen.
So 🛫 EU 🛬 UK (at least through AMS) you get to the gate on your boarding pass (i.e. D8). You stand in that line which seems like the typical passport check to enter the gate area. It's not. It's to check your health info. Then they tell you the REAL gate. Across the airport. 🤬
Already tried doing "both" with tech and a coffee shop. No way I'm making that mistake again.
This is absolutely awesome news for an absolutely awesome person! Congrats Sasha! 💙💛
RT do I know any Docker (company) open source or DevRel folks? we have an open support ticket for (not for the core…
Already an interesting draw
One of these days when I leave tech I'm opening a chain of proper kebab shops.
Today's Image of the Day: Prepping for Wet Dress Rehearsal -
🍺🍻🍺
This Augustiner Dunkel is better than any Dunkel in the US. Your argument is invalid.
RT ⚡The Ukrainian Air Force would like to address misinformation published in multiple Western media outlets regarding the situati…
RT It’s April 1. Listen, you may think it’s cute, harmless fun. And maybe it is. But no one in the world has the patience…
RT Good morning! Happy #TransDayOfVisibility! The White House and federal agencies put out a number of wonderful announcements…
RT Juhani &amp; co are good people doing some srsly cool stuff
I didn't even realise it's April 1st.
Last I heard I believe they're at the 50M+ ARR place which is an amazing feat, given where they were
This is the correct take.
Wow. Good to know. Guess I'll spend the afternoon in the lounge. 😂🤣😭
It was great getting to see everyone last night and hear your stories about testing, metrics, and CI/CD! Can't wait until the next time.
So you're saying I should probably be there 2 hrs before my flight?
I hope things are ok
This makes me so mad
2021 was kind of a shitshow, but I hope 2022 is great for you and !!
I was there back in 2018 I believe... Solid kebab. I go to the UK tomorrow, and will indulge myself with more kebabs.
And after a successful meetup and drinks, and I grabbed a proper döner kebab
RT Them: Describe the Internet in one word. Me: tge Them: 😳 I don't get it? Me: Yes, that's the point.
RT Lemme tell you a story. I was outed at 17. A mom learned that I had a boyfriend &amp; alerted anyone who’d listen. She howled ab…
Today's Image of the Day: Pilot Bob Hines in Training for Crew-4 -
Already done lost it
RT it's that time: latest language rankings just dropped. some interesting tidbits in there. Dart fans in particular will be pl…
For the creative juices of course
Zan's bundled up and I'm in a hoodie. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I'll let you know if/when that happens
I'm equal opportunity
It's a new day, and and I have done Germany proper. Tim and Zan got the pork knuckle with dumpling balls, and I got the wiener schnitzel the size of my head. Washing it all down with Augustiner bier.
Yeah, I'll drop the money for shits and grins
Present, and magnify as many of the tweets as I see! I'm concerned and care. #IStandWithUkraine 🇺🇦
RT So let me say what I wish *anyone* had the courage to tell me when I was labeled a dangerous, 17 year old contagion: LGBTQ pe…
Make it intimate... Shake hands and then pull it in close for a hug with your hands sandwiched between you both. Or just fist bump. Make it awkward.
Well, would still fit in with beer but you do make a good point
The old saying is "Beer before liquor, never been sicker; liquor before beer, you're in the clear"
My fave
Nice. I always ask for two keys but this is a good alternative
Um, yes. Answer is always yes. It's not me that needs convincing.
It's all beer. Never fear.
Ahh yes, diversifying sounds like a good experiment. Thank you.
RT Everyone is exhausted. No one is at their best right now. Go easy.
RT One of the worst things we've normalized is always being available: to make people think they deserve and instant respon…
Gotcha. Will keep you posted
Ahh, I see we have an aspiring data analyst! 😂🤣 I agree, I will need to take multiple control samples in order to deduce a more accurate result. I'm betting on the Guinness though.
RT Behind every great community manager, is a problem they couldn't solve alone
And we got some schnitzel
That is good too
So I've been battling a bad head cold (non-COVID) since late last week, and I've had 2 Guinness (along with a Berliner Pilsner and Strongbow Golden Apple) and feel a lot better. I think I have stumbled upon a cure.
RT Not to get all think-piecey on y’all, but I think part of the reason people (like folks in #techtwitter) turn their professi…
And a wild appears!!!
Yes, I know it's not a German bier.
Today's Image of the Day: Mark Vande Hei and Crew Mates Safely Land -
Absolutely. It's looking like around GOTO Amsterdam in June
And, I'm back in Berlin for the next few days. If you're also in this great city, consider stopping by our activities tomorrow.
And this is of course why the tire blew. Glad this ordeal wasn't as painful as it could have been!
As of right now, supporting our booth - but might have a talk, and minion acquisition is _always_ top of the agenda
Top of my list you are. It's likely going to be for GOTO Amsterdam in June.
Ahh, yes. Life on the internet was much simpler then.
Good morning to the Netherlands. Someday soon I will visit places other than your airport
So what's you're saying, is that candy is a gateway drug? Fantastic! I'm doing more "hot tamales"!
Do you have two different VSCode versions installed? Iirc, 'code' is the regular version of VSCode, and then there's a beta version that's called something different, and if you regularly open VSCode from the tray it might be different from the one in terminal
RT Damn React is 18 and now all the libertarians are no longer interested in it
RT congratulations to this google docs PM who is singlehandedly responsible for engendering more developer goodwill than any other…
RT I just signed the Emmett Till Antilynching Act into law — making lynching a federal hate crime for the first time in American hi…
Matt, I love you. You are a dear friend and even though I'm in a plane at 37k feet, I'm thinking of you and care.
Ooohhh boy!
Gonna put it through its paces!
Let's do this! ✈️ to Berlin for CircleCI(Connect)!
Some really great thoughts here from "The Developer Advocate's Guide to Asking for Things"
I'm on my first international trip since December 2019, and I can't contain my excitement!
RT Many news chyrons proclaiming “Russia is reducing their forces in Kyiv.” It may be better to state: “Ukraine has and is…
22 counting a few layovers
This 🧵 is WOW... Karissa's find here might be a huge boon for communities everywhere. In DevOps we talk about resiliency in our systems, but why not our communities as well? I'll be rereading this multiple times.
WOW! This is amazing news! Congrats 🎉👏
It's probably a solid 60/40 split at this point
RT Have you had the chance to check out the new Insights Snapshot? If so, we want to hear your thoughts! Share questions, ideas,…
RT As a historian of slapping, what happened tonight might seem like something strange, but in reality, it's just the latest in…
Today's Image of the Day: A Homecoming for Mark Vande Hei -
And you didn't stock up?
My parents wouldn't let me get them, so I had to sneak them whenever I could.
RT It’s ‘close’ only because of the electoral college. Biden beat Trump by more than 7 million votes and won a majority of th…
RT
Show off
But can you hear me?
Reminds me... I need to make sure mine are upside down
That's right. Always give a thumbs up.
Oh, good to know what you talk crap on 😂🤣
Hell yeah. Amy is awesome
This needs to be a talk you give at a conference
Ahh, fair. Their grills are awesome and so well made. I love mine.
Congrats to Bryan!! Now, what's that beef you have with RT there Tim?
Yup. Will talks in his book multiple times, from the opening, how he witnessed abuse as a child and never stood up for his mother, and how that ate at him his whole life, and that he vowed things would be different. His acceptance speech held a tiny fragment of that journey
Watching episode 2?
That's the next video montage you do.... You, as Doc Holliday, a whiskey bottle, and a cloud container.
Today's Image of the Day: Smash-Up: How To Create Rocky Planets -
RT For anyone asking me "Maybe you should give up Crimea and Donbas in exchange for peace?" Before asking this question, name…
I'm dealing with all this too since Thursday. Forgot how much we hated the common, bad cold that our kids bring us in love. And I fly to Berlin tomorrow.
RT Before the meetup I'm also running a free #CICD workshop if you're keen on learning some intermediate to advanced tricks with…
RT To my Berlin based friends - we're running a little meetup with in your city this Thursday 31st March @ 6pm Come f…
RT It would be incredible if as many people who showed up online to dissect the Oscars last night would show up today to watch…
RT Please remember how outraged you are about violence right now when I share about poverty, racism in healthcare, and the pr…
RT Timely reminder that it's entirely possible for both sides of a dispute to be wrong.
And then looked over at his wife and saw her reaction.
RT The Academy Awards are the greatest example of “this could have been an email”, ever
We ripped that tree out quick lol
They're the worst when the lawn mower shoots them out at 158MPH directly at your bare legs
Yup. There are consequences
Exactly.
Yeah, it was real. Making fun of Jada's medical condition was too far for Will.
A lot going on there... Jada has a medical condition and can't grow hair, and Chris Rock just made fun of her twice. He got smacked for good reason, and Will likely will release a statement and apologize soon
Had to have been... Chris was visibly shaken and Will looked pissed back at his seat afterwards as he shouted back at him, and the censors cut out a lot.
What just happened with Chris Rock and Will Smith?? Looked like it was a joke, and then it looked like it got REAL and the censors kicked in hard #Oscars
And literally trying to say something that the graph in no way says. The number of people who realized that ADHD was what they would been dealing with all along before the pandemic is not a small number. This likely accounts for a lot of this.
Yeah this is painting with a huge brush with no way to prove one way or the other
Once you cut them into pieces
RT 65' - GOAL: USA!!!!! HATTY TIME. 🎩🎩🎩 🇺🇸 USA 5 - 0 PAN 🇵🇦 #USAvPAN x
RT CHRISTIAN PULISIC HAS HIS HAT TRICK FOR THE USMNT!
Mind boggling that the Panama bench kicks the ball at our players, and nothing happens.... Come on that's BS #USMNT #USAvPAN #WorldCupQualifiers
RT I'm more concerned about Putin, who has literally called for regime change in Kyiv and whose army is raping and killing,…
In all fairness, according to the Cube rule, it's sushi
RT The hypocrisy of some conservatives can be displayed in a myriad of ways, but I think the most entertaining to me is how th…
Tim, this is main.
Early Wall.E prototype
Agreed. But I want to know the results of the test.
I feel like has been holding out on me with this vital information
Get that to 5min and you have a solid Ignite talk there
ROCK CHALK, JAYHAWK, KU! #kubball #RCJH
RT WE’LL SEE YOU WONDERFUL PEOPLE IN NOLA! 😁 And as always, it’s a great day to be Kansas Jayhawk.
RT Can always count on the Jayhawks 👏 #MarchMadness
RT They’ve also only had eight coaches since the program started in 1898. That’s also kind of incredible.
RT My favorite Kansas Jayhawks hoops factoid is that they only have one coach in their history with a losing record…and it’s…
Joyceferret is my fav
RT It appears that things haven’t changed much in a 100 years #SaveUkraine #StopRussia 💔💙💛
If one thing has become clear in the #NCAATournament it's that no one knows what a travel, a block, or a charge are anymore
My friends accept this about me. It's why they're my friends.
TIL about "the cube rule"
I give up
And Pat... He found Kurt the first time they thought he had died, and has lost another band mate
Any cake, paired with coffee, becomes "coffee cake". I don't make the rules. The Universe does.
And what scientific research and peer reviewed study is cited to support this take?
Hard same.
Interesting
RT remember when WAP came out and ben shapiro had a nervous breakdown and made a panicked announcement that he'd never aro…
Priorities on point
Bottomless mimosas and bagels
RT Dave Grohl introduces Taylor Hawkins during his final concert with Foo Fighters 🖤
Like GrubHub but for friends?
I was lucky enough to see them back in August, and I wholeheartedly agree with this statement #RIPTaylorHawkins
Congrats Tim!
A great, as always, cover of "Somebody to Love" by at his last show... #RIPTaylorHawkins
RT Live a life that feels like Taylor Hawkins' drumming
It's really really good
Let's just hope they have Duke losing.
RT One of a few drummers our drummer Anton Fig would leave his kit to watch work when Foo Fighters appeared on Late Show. A tru…
Usually with a mimosa in hand, but yeah
As much as I dislike cats, this one has the right idea
Italy seems to have come into this match with Switzerland with a very cavalier attitude... And they're getting shredded so far, conceding 10 shots and 1 goal and total lack of possession.
RT Trump Audibly Shits his pants during Debate: #DebateNight #Debate2024 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Listen right after he says "He can't becaus…
Thank you to all those who attended my talk at #KCDC2024, "Streamlining Developer Experience: The Power of CI/CD Standardization and Interoperability" Here are the slides as requested:
Love you Shar! Great seeing you and hanging!
RT What does DevRel mean to you? discusses the challenges of defining developer relations and its critical role…
RT There were only 7 open seats in the room and 15 people standing in the back for #kcdc2024
Look at that vintage #Chef tshirt
RT - get them - #kcdc2025
RT On. Sale. Now. Aug 13-15, 2025 #kcdc2025 #thankyou
RT SCOTUS just told you that you're on your own.
At #kcdc2024 I'm learning about the ways #DevOps relates to baking with
RT doing his thang
RT Packed room for at #kcdc2024 talking about "Streamlining Developer Experience: The Power of CI/CD Standardi…
Watching talk about "Securing Your Software Supply Chain One #OpenSource Project at a Time" at #kcdc2024
RT Don’t think we can add another “and” to the title. #DeadpoolAndWolverine ❤️💛
I just finished reading Dave's book 3 days ago... the ending had me in tears then, and the snippet I shared earlier brought them back after the news last night
They better not try the mild Taco Bell sauce
Yeah it's pretty devastating
Give it a short time and you'll feel like you haven't eaten all day, and you'll be ready for more sushi
RT .
RT Finally a monitor big enough to show java stack traces without wrapping
RT 2021 Inductee was the perfect drummer for the the 21st century’s monsters of rock. Taylor's unma…
RT A ferocious drummer, dedicated father, and dear friend gone far too soon. Sending love to Taylor Hawkins’ family and fans of…
RT Jellyfish have survived 650 million years without brains. Great news for career politicians everywhere.
RT Throwback to when Taylor Hawkins and the Foo Fighters rick rolled the bigots of Westboro Baptist church...I'm fucking devas…
RT Coworker: I just don’t think it’s right to have gay characters in children’s cartoons. Me: But the French skunk who tri…
RT Iconic Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins' life and career in photos
This is what Dave had to say about Taylor in the ending of his book... So sad for Taylor's family and for Dave and Pat who've lost another bandmate
This is from the last chapter of Dave's book where he's talking about those that he holds dear...
Kicking off a (hopefully) relaxing weekend with this really good El Salvador Lagunetas Reserve from Four Barrel Coffee via Check it out here!
RT We lost one of rock music’s greatest drummers. Our hearts go out to his family, the band, and fans around the world as we a…
RT Gutted. Completely gutted. We just recorded something together a month ago. Can’t even process this right now. Let’s hold…
Such a great story, and one I've heard duplicated about Taylor from many people. I can't imagine how Dave is feeling, and this loss hits so hard.
They were supposed to play a concert tonight in Bogota... 😢
RT I always thought that Taylor must have had balls of steel to even audition to be Dave Grohl's drummer, since he was the drumm…
RT Here’s Dave Grohl talking about why Taylor Hawkins joined Foo Fighters in 1997. What a devastating loss. RIP
RT TAYLOR HAWKINS GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY FOREVER. I AM SO SORRY BUBBA 💔
That's devastating... I just finished Dave's book and he talks about the loss of Kurt and how much that affected him, and then finishes the book talking about how much him and Taylor are brothers and best friends... I can't imagine how they all are right now. 😥🥺
Oh fuck no... 🥺😥
Happy belated birthday 🎉
I mean, I _kinda_ get the confusion since Natalie Merchant was the singer... But, come on.
Seen that look a few times lol
Oh yeah. It goes straight for the jugular from the beginning
🙋‍♂️ and some of my immediate family
RT The Republican Leader's opposition to the first Black woman nominated to the Supreme Court must be based on some alterna…
Yeah, hard same.
#RCJH Let's GO!
RT NEW: Senator Ben Sasse (R-NE) just said Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson has “impeccable credentials, a deep knowledge of the…
I'M SO EXCITED FOR YOU
RT Sharing a link to the #CascadiaJS 2022 website just because we updated our auto-generated social sharing images and are unr…
Wow! Congrats on all you've accomplished, and can't wait to see what you do next!
CONGRATS!! 👋🎉 THIS IS AMAZING NEWS! SO HAPPY FOR YOU!
RT 1Password is masterfully blending the needs of casual consumers, developers, and enterprise organizations. I’m so excited fo…
Some important changes coming in the next few weeks for old images on CircleCI... Be sure to check the blog post to see if you're affected
I mean, wouldn't you with that guy behind you?
This. This is genius from Amy.
I heard you should just use Tailwind.
Good write up on benchmarking communities, and why it matters from and "These Community Benchmarks Will Help You Build A Better Strategy"
It's not really wrong though... You can rinse a coffee pot and think it's clean, but until you put some descaler into the pot you won't know that there's still stuff there. 🤮
RT When I am being asked what I want from NATO leaders, it is this: I want them to remember about this child sitting next to h…
Today's Image of the Day: Pioneering Female Aviator Wally Funk Wins 2022 Michael Collins Trophy for Lifetime Achievement -
RT UNICEF has announced today that more than half of Ukraine's children have been displaced. I can't even process this. Th…
RT Wait - THIS Mitch McConnell? Confused.
RT
I mean... Emily can likely provide the wig
RT It's been a while since many of us have come together for on-sites, off-sites, team retreats, etc. It's time for a ref…
What. A. Goal.
I love it. I'm tempted to make it into shirts and stickers 😂
RT The attacks and lack of support for KBJ from the right is shameful but not surprising. She weathered it with grace. But she sh…
RT When you start a community or company, you create a new social bubble with new social norms. You control those norms. S…
/insert sad.gif
He can make _me_ a great commercial any time
Excuse me, what?
Fantastic commercial for
RT I tried to make our tests run faster today, using multiple parallel runners. I had two problems, one to do with
Both solid options - but I have always kinda thought Kristen Wiig
Oh this sounds fun
RT In conclusion, please enjoy this picture of perfect, hard-won dignity, which so many high-profile white conservatives belie…
RT To put the KBJ hearings in context of white conservative grievance: When Robert Bork was given a fair hearing, was not fili…
And then us Gen X roll up....
RT
Would love to find out what challenges you are having and see where we can assist! My DMs are open, or you can start a thread in
Definitely more nutritious
Today's Image of the Day: What's New on the Moon ... After 50 Years -
Having watched a lot of these games mentioned last weekend, #ncaa officiating has become horrendous, and has a strong case here....
Hey, all my London peeps.... You should come hang out with me and
RT Good morning, this is Kyiv calling. It has been one month since Russia invaded Ukraine. Putin planned to take this city in…
Love this journey for you, you quack.
RT A Black woman federal judge walks into a Senate Judiciary hearing as the president's nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2…
RT Madeleine Albright was a force for goodness, grace, and decency — and for freedom. Hers were the hands that turned the tide of h…
It's not regret when you're an (unqualified) white man in power
Right? Luckily jury duty got cancelled.
I have traveled all over the world for my job, and shared some great pics.. until my wife replied to one of my great, exotic pics with, "So glad you're able to see cool things. Also, you received a summons for jury duty next week. Love you." I got the message. No more cool pics
Or on
Oh yes. Me too. Same size.
RT Are you a web developer in the PacNW? Have you attended a conference in the past? Are you a kind person who want…
RT For those who just watched that spectacle: this is what happens when you don’t have a valid argument to work with.
Judge Jackson has more qualifications than any of these #GOPRacists and is a disgrace to the Constitution of the United States and to the office he holds.
RT Sen. Cory Booker to Ketanji Brown Jackson: “You have earned this spot. You are worthy. You are a great American." More ➡️ htt…
RT How Ketanji Brown Jackson's confirmation hearing echoes Thurgood Marshall's in 1967
This is a great way to show off how active your #opensource project is, and how you are performing against the standard CI/CD benchmarks: - Workflow duration: 10min - TTR: &lt;60min - Success rate: 90% on default branches - Throughput: at will Check the 🧵 for implementation steps
RT The purpose of having a private community is to enable members to share information which might harm them if made publi…
RT When Russia sanctioned Canada, it barred leaders from all major federal parties, including conservative leaders. But when…
Sad to see go, but THANK YOU for everything you did for #ChiefsKingdom and the
RT Okay, #DevRel Twitter. Question for y'all: how often do you try to churn out full-length presentations/talks. And how ma…
The redo was better...
I mean, I'll be in Denver soon. I feel like this is achievable for both of us
I have a few... The after-AWS floor shot is top
Well, there's still opportunity for Emily and Ghost Rider
I'm so sorry James. ❤️💙
RT “I may be dumb but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night”
Yeah it's infuriating
Today's Image of the Day: Contraband Corned Beef and the Gemini III Mission -
RT Hillary sat calmly for 11 hours and Judge Jackson for 12 as assholish people beclowned themselves asking stunt questio…
RT I wish Republicans would look into Critical Thinking Theory.
Yeah, those margs look amazing
You're fabulous!!
Was sitting in my mate's house near Manchester watching this and we enjoyed the moment very much #MUFC
Republicans continue to tell us who they are.
RT Hey SHOULD WE CAPTURE AND IMPRISON MORE INSURRECTIONISTS OR FEWER INSURRECTIONISTS????
RT I honestly think we are asking too much of cauliflower.
RT Can we please stop pretending anyone knows how to use Kubernetes??
RT This is the dumbest shit I have ever seen.
That is a pretty cool idea!
Didn't have a talk to submit for the Programme this year, and it's a bit expensive to sponsor
Probably not making that one
Proven IoT use case for reordering automatically so you're never without Skittles
Yep, and it's one in a long list of reasons I am no longer a Republican
Still haven't been to a Pluckers - even though a few of my so-called friends can't stop talking about them, as we drive by one looking for a place to eat... Not naming names of course Sean / .... I wouldn't do that.
Sadly, this is largely who the GOP has become
RT You know what Ketanji Brown Jackson lacks? A $92,000 country club balance, $200,000 in credit card debt, and $1,200,000…
RT Raise your hand if you think Ketanji Brown Jackson is more qualified than any judge the Republicans have nominated in a gen…
Let's lean into that
RT Good morning from Ukraine. Kyiv remains in Ukrainian hands, but is under a multi-day curfew until Wed AM Zelenskyy: since N…
RT the thing you have to remember as you watch Republicans have performative tantrums during Ketanji Brown Jackson's confirmation…
RT As much as it may be tempting to speculate and criticize Okta from the peanut gallery, let’s try to support the folks who…
Really dislike the term "human capital"
RT HEY WALMART, DON'T GET PISSED AT ME IF I FORGOT TO SCAN SOMETHING. YOU LITERALLY GAVE ME ZERO TRAINING BEFORE MAKING ME A…
It's an affliction.
Today's Image of the Day: 5,000 Exoplanets and Counting -
Yes. You're correct.
Damn kid vs damn, kid... I typed the first way and then realized I meant it the second way and used the Undo Tweet to fix it before sending.
Damn, kid.. #TeamOxfordComma
RT Hugops to basically everyone working in cybersecurity
RT HugOps to everyone at Okta. This week is gonna suck. ❤️
RT CircleCI today released the findings of its 2022 State of Software Delivery Report, revealing the four critical benchmarks tha…
RT Not acknowledging your weaknesses is both unsustainable and poor leadership.
RT In toxic cultures, people get promoted for results even if they destroy relationships. Abuse is a price to pay for high per…
RT What makes a successful development team? - - #cybersecurity #secu…
RT 💅 Automate all the DevOps things! Check out these handsome #APIs from a…
Today's Image of the Day: A View to a Nebula -
Yep as soon as the ref gets in their minds what they're looking for ("is that a jump ball / is it a foul?"), they ignore all others. And that makes sense, since they're human and have to make a split second decision. But still, atrocious. My dad was a referee when I was in HS.
I'll be out of town, but thanks for the invite
Yup. Was screaming at the TV. Referee decisions to not interfere with the ending of games is always an ironic choice given the inconsistency throughout the games
Truth. I didn't enter Colorado (or really anywhere past western Kansas) until I was 21. My first view of the Rockies stunned me, and I've been in love ever since.
Let's workshop some titles... "Predator vs. Ewoks" "The Predators of Endor" ....
Congrats Ken!
RT “War” is not the right word to describe these actions. Call it terrorism, crimes against humanity, even genocide, but “war” sug…
RT Residents of occupied Kherson block the path of a Russian military convoy and force it to turn away. Incredible.
RT - we’re just just lost, navigation isn’t working - don’t give a f*ck #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦
Now who's gonna pick up the trash?
Have they maybe thought about starting with Palm Beach, Mar-a-Lago, tRUmp Tower, tRUmp golf courses, Kavanaugh's paid debts, etc?
RT Friendly reminder: if you’re white, there’s no reason to use a reaction gif of a Black person (aka “digital blackface”…
Saved, downvoted, reported, and blocked
Ummm, my parents never showed me that movie. I don't think I knew it existed until now. Unsure if happy or sad about that either.
I feel like the impending discussion will need to be made into a Broadway production. Or a conference talk.
Her response is the least interesting detail in your tweet
She could go into upper management at a tech company. Or QA.
don't touch my phone
I guess this makes me a 10x engineer
RT Russia is suffering huge losses in Ukraine. This is an undeniable fact, confirmed by Western intelligence. Ukraine should…
RT 💬 President of Ukraine We do not have a huge territory - from ocean to ocean, we do not have nuclear weapons,…
RT Imagive your city destroyed, being forcefully taken to country-terrorist, your passport taken away, given some document sayi…
RT So moving re:Inforce out of Texas and back to Boston three months before it was supposed to happen may well be one…
RT Something I've noticed over the past week or so here: almost every Ukrainian I spoke to has made it clear that they blame n…
This was a brilliant analogy then when my brain was frozen, and it's even more brilliant now as I've thawed and can process a bit more.
Tech is hard.
Some of the worst officiating in the NCAA Tourney so far is this #UNCvsBAY game... Unreal. And I have no skin in this game.
Random kid to wife on train at Zoo: "I got a map!" Wife: "Can you show me where we are?" Kid: ".... Yeah, we're on the train." Me:
OH at Zoo: "You're getting slobbers on everybody dude"
You either know you're lying, or you're an idiot. Which one are you going to own up to?
Tanzanian Peaberry coffee tends to be a little sweet, and this one from (via had that with a little bitterness thrown in. If that's your bag, you'll like this one.
Happy Birthday to the chronically insufferable bastard You can be in my TikTok's anytime.
It was implied
If you fly any international, then you have the most options for quality code sharing with Delta. I've been traveling a lot since August, and have had one delay which was _only_ because the flight crew was late. They also might give you the same status you currently have.
RT I think Macron should stop making all those calls to Putin. Putin enjoys being humbly begged. Time and again, these atte…
Use for all your tips
And cool off with some
I thought he preferred
Then drink and eat with
Now you got it
Mat's gonna have to do better at
I mean, sure. 👍 How are you?
"What is intelligence". Do our answers change when we apply the question to her service dog Wilbur? There are parallels between humans &amp; machines, but definite differences. Dangerous territory when we try to idolize intelligence and define what it is - Michelle Frost at #kcdc2024
As advances were made in engineering and mathematics around artificial intelligence, the public perception grew and have shaped our expectations. Case in point: Asimov's 3 rules.... We teach this as fact. - Michelle Frost at #kcdc2024
Very first instance historically of an artificial man is in Classical Mythology with a desire to help but the inevitable of the artificial going rogue... And we continued from there into modern philosophy. - Michelle Frost at #kcdc2024
These look good. Is there a theme you're going for, or a random selection?
Watching Michelle Frost give her talk, "AI vs Humans: Rewriting the Rules of Success" at #kcdc2024. She kicks off with excerpt readings of "Frankenstein"
Selfie of doing a selfie at the opening ceremony of #kcdc2024
Kicking off #kcdc2024 is and the rest of the Organizing team
Let's get this #kcdc2024
RT Today is the day. We are ready for you, #kcdc2024!
Finally met the amazing at !!
We definitely need to connect this next week!
Do you though?
TIL is a time traveler and was at the Hotel President in Kansas City in the 1930s as some traveling circus act #KCDC
Wow! Props to for an awesome commitment to #opensource projects!
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
Oh hell yeah
Hey have you heard about Seth? Terrible support.
You're going to be insufferable from now on
See? From frozen ass comes pure beauty.
I took out all the batteries
What exactly does it do?
"A birthday is just a participation trophy" - on
I would never let it go to my head
OH: "if everyone said 5 things they liked about life, they'd be lying."
RT Ukrainians are incredible 💙💛🥺 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦
RT OH: “Engineers call them edge cases. I call them: what our users do.”
RT Dedicated to all the Ukrainian IT folks who had to urgently work on a new skill set to save Ukraine #DefendUkraine 🇺🇦
RT Adding Ponicode #AI to will allow "developers [...] to spend more time on the business logic that drives their a…
Kat is the epitome of boss mode
Downvoted my first tweet today.
Correct.
(cc: )
Yup. Google.
RT 3/ they have no problem with claims Black people are inferior. They just don’t like being told white people are racist...…
You scorn, but Google+ actually had it figured out when it came to social and how we interact. They just never got people _really_ active on the platform.
FINALLY! GOOGLE+ has come BACK to the Internet.
YES! GOOGLE+ IS BACK!
RT Epic move by IU cheerleading. Fantastic.
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I in Moonlight -
Doing it right
Come on .... Get it done for them! They got rid of Kentucky for all of us.
RT Hard to see how Russia gets anything done once Ukraine starts receiving + deploying (in next ~week) things like Switchblade…
This is my normal order, usually with Woodford Reserve or Jameson.
Kentucky, a 2 seed, is going to lose this game and I could not be happier.
Yep, pastrami is great from these. My problem is I don't have a deli slicer, so getting them fine enough is harder.
And both corned beef briskets are out, rested, and cut, and they're delicious. Happy Birthday and St. Patrick's Day ☘️ Grandpa.
RT The 2022 State of Software Delivery Report found the most successful engineering teams routinely meet or exceed 4 key benchma…
What does that make Republican lawmakers then?
I think that's what your public profile is on Papercall and Sessionize....
At CircleCI we're rolling out into early preview an Insights Snapshot that brings the most critical Insights metrics directly to your GitHub repo. With just a code snippet you can display these key metrics for your project! Would love to get feedback!
Hey - as your constituent, it would be nice for you to come clean as to why (on our nations Independence Day) you visited Moscow in 2018? Especially since you thought it fine for weapons to be withheld from Ukraine.
Season 6 is live on broadcast TV in the UK... 😉
He looks even better in this new season
After a couple hours and hitting roughly 140F (and just before the stall) I took out the briskets and put them in a foil pan on a bed of a horseradish/BBQ sauce mixture, and then added the sauce to the outside and then covered with foil to braise for the next 3-4 hrs until ~195F
RT Communities don't just appear or get big out of nowhere, they grow, bit by bit. One community flywheel adjustment at a t…
Since corned beef brisket is _very_ salty, I soaked each in cold water for a couple hours (rinsing a few times during) to draw out a lot of the extra salt. Then I mixed classic mustard &amp; horseradish mustard together &amp; applied to the outside, &amp; added rub &amp; into the smoker
RT #Kubernetes. #Developers don't care. Shocking, maybe. But developers thrive writing code using the languages &amp; tools they wa…
My Grandfather passed away on Oct 21, 2020. His birthday is on St. Patrick's Day ☘️(an extreme source of pride for him), and he would have been 94 today. Corned beef and potatoes was his favourite meal on the day, and today I smoke a few corned beef briskets in honour of him.
Thank you for sharing, Patrick. Have a great day!!
Right? That's a huge 🚩 and a huge liability for everyone
RT At we don't use "Community Manager" as a title. Our team leans into specialized titles that better capture wh…
RT Fellow dudes who look like me - read this thread. Think about it. Then read it again. Think so more.
I drink a lot of water each day, in small amounts contained in my other drinks I choose to consume. I'm nailing this. Thanks Mike for the reminder.
A "head-sized jug of water" is a new measurement
It'll be my first time back in Berlin since 2018, and I hope you'll join me and for a great afternoon workshop on creating advanced CI/CD pipelines (incl. orbs, caching, parallelism, Insights, debugging, and more!) and then food, drinks, and prizes afterwards!
Can confirm. Recovering (Independent) Baptist here.
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I First Rollout -
Aw CONGRATS!!! 🎊 ☘️
Marinara is the correct answer, but I have had some good ranch dipping sauce that worked nicely in a pinch
I feel this (and keys). Got her a Tile for her keys (which also can find her phone with a push) and I haven't had to perform this duty in awhile.
Hah... I have plenty of people who keep me grounded.
RT Really no words for this cruel Texas-style bill heading to Gov. Brad Little's desk: Idaho Senate Bill 1309 would ban aborti…
I usually christen _other_ people's toilets, and have been known to drop trou while browsing a rental or demo home
And I saw this and thought "that's an odd place for her right hand to be"
RT Friends, If there is a peaceful sky over your head Do something right now to #SupportUkraine 🇺🇦
RT Hey, folks! A group of us (the Territorial Defense of Lviv) has a list of tactical needs. We can handle the EU delivery f…
Have you seen me? I know my limits.
I'm #11, I wonder what I can get?
RT I don’t know who needs to hear this, but sitting in a car for a few minutes doesn’t make you the owner.
RT Folks It’s my ask that for anyone donating to Ukraine You donate directly to Ukrainian organizations Not global orgs tha…
"Gas prices way too high, Vladimir Putin needs to die" The girl in the back trying to hold it in got me
RT Micromanagement is a manifestation of insecurity
RT Part of Putin’s today speech - on how the evil West is trying to ruin Russia With English subtitles #StandWithUkriane 🇺🇦
RT Drumroll please 🥁 we're excited for the Backstage project from to move to the #CNCF Incubator! 🎤 Read mo…
Oh yeah. The week has chosen violence.
Ahh that's interesting! Yeah our Insights API endpoints are at the repo level ( so you would have to manually aggregate to get to the org level.
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering Visionary Heliophysicist Eugene Parker -
Wherever they are of course! 😂🤣 You can usually find great interactions at local and then there are some really good specific events like SRECon (just happened), and others. Any particular region or discipline?
You sir... Brilliant.
The white privilege of "just go flag down the plane so I can get on it" 🤦‍♂️
So many things going on here.. - $2k for a flight on American traveling in the US? 🤔 - They presumably won't let him on the flight because he was late and it left 😂🤣 - Evidently "quickly" is spelled "quigley" - The old white dudes trying to get in and help the police 😂🤣😭
First use of the "down vote" button, blocked, and reported
OH: "It has everything I dislike about music in it."
Yeah... Sometimes I hate scheduling tweets! Lol
YES! This year's report is amazing, and you're going to want to take a look at the actual data on how software delivery teams perform!
RT OK, new idea. We dig up some bullshit treaty from 1304 and identify where Ukraine has territory claims. We park the MiGs…
Reboot it
RT I presume the war in Ukraine is now old news to some I presume that some would expect me to go back to thinking about tech…
Happened really quickly...
So evidently I'm one of the Top 100 Influencers in #DevRel? ¯\(°_o)/¯ Honoured to be listed among some truly amazing people.
Ahh - I was reading the rules around "UC" and how it was about setting the broad rules for moving forward on a bill. I missed where this specific activity was about actually passing the bill. Sorry about that.
While this hasn't actually passed the Senate (it passed Unanimous Consent that it will be considered and debated before voting), this is an awesome step for us all
RT URGENT. Russian troops have taken the staff and patients of #Mariupol Hospital as hostages. Thread 1/5👇
Let's hope they sort out any differences between the House's version and get that into law.
RT If Nelly tells you "it's getting hot in here", it's not your job as a journalist to take off all your clothes, it's your…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Astronaut Breaks American Space Record -
RT Turns out reading the docs is better than just logging every other line 💫
Congrats Zach! 🎉🎉
Looking forward to joining the Team at the next CircleCI(Connect) event in Berlin, and I would love to see you there too!
RT My new bud in my new bed.
RT New Zelenskyy video. It's really strong. First, he addresses the "free people of a free Ukraine," in Ukrainian. Says it has b…
Brand pages or font awesome
Or about Tom Brady
RT You’re not “agile” you’re just microdosing JIRA
RT This is a great thread on why Putin cannot be stopped by concessions In discussions, I keep noticing that all my former So…
RT Hiring is hard. It’s both the most soul sucking and fulfilling part of management. We don’t talk about this enough in man…
RT ⚡️ Russian state TV interrupted by "No War" protest. During the “Vremya” news program on Russia’s main TV channel, M…
RT Koch Industries has decided to continue its business operations in Russia, while the Koch Foundation runs its dark money…
RT Community is never a quick win.
Because you haven't told them so.
Yep, totally a thing. So much so I consciously think about if I'm wearing green on St. Patrick's Day.
I'm so sorry to hear this Matty! 💜 Let me know if you need anything.
Today's Image of the Day: Who Needs Pi? -
RT jesus fuck. And we let this reactive dipshit have the big red button for four years? Let's not do that again, eh? Fuck #Tru…
Make sure you keep a consistent stroke
Playing with your wood again I see
RT “Who do you need to be to unite Pornhub, The Pope, Taliban, Elon Musk, and Anonymous against you” #StandWithUkraine️ 🇺🇦 ht…
Interview time with
It's not square cut
RT How an Ukrainian village armed with two flags defeated two Russian tanks: 1. 4 Russian tanks enter village. Villagers watch…
RT Listening in to the DevRel panel and loving analogies. DevRel has evolved from being the Town Crier sharing…
RT yesterday the developer discord hit 10k users! 🤩 in celebration, a thread on some of the things we've lear…
RT If you’re new to speaking and want to pick up tips from some of the best in the biz, check out this live episode of
I feel like THIS is your TikTok channel
Name a movie that isn’t necessarily a horror movie but is most definitely a horror movie. Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
OH: "Are you good enough for imposter syndrome?" 🤣😂😭
HOLY SHIT DUDE!! LOOKS AMAZING!
You need to rethink your life choices.
Let's git at 'er
Love Social D... Got to see them back in 2017 in SF at the Fillmore. Amazing.
They're an everything food
Wouldn't choose any other 2 men to share a blanket with
RT It's March 2022 and we finally have a page about dev rel on wikipedia.🤷 apparently i created the stub *10 years ago*, but n…
RT If you work in developer experience and ever doubt yourself then remember that what seems obvious to you might be new to…
RT One of the many reasons to 💜 devs Thank you for bringing this group together! #sxsw #SXSW2022
RT Hot takes and good vibes from + who looks…
So about to do this #sxsw #DevRel panel, and the question has come up, "What is a group of DevRel professionals called?" Hot takes only, we're really cold.
RT Community builders think a lot in flywheels.🎡 Flywheels rely on consistent systems to create the most value for the commun…
RT Reminder that while the world is a dumpster fire, that Daylight Savings Time starts this weekend (in the US at least).…
RT Regarding Russia's shortage of missiles. "Putin was told he had 10,000 missiles. In fact, he had 1,000. It's peculiar he didn…
Happy Birthday !!
RT As if making #TheAdamProject hadn’t satisfied enough of my childhood dreams, this happened. (I still loathe Daylight S…
RT DevOpsDays Texas ran a single virtual event during the Pandemic. They donated thousands of dollars to Texas foodbanks at…
"We wrote our own login system"
RT Today 2–3PM CST! Join this fun panel discussing DevRel: Where we're at, &amp; what's next: from
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views an Infant Star’s Outburst -
Cauliflower is almost as bad as avocados are
CONGRATS TO YOU BOTH! ✨🎉
Trend setter
My Airbnb for the next 4 days has some nice, light reading
OH FFS... Read the room Boston Dynamics
Good to see full meals have returned to
RT “COVID is over! Stop living in fear!” - the people afraid that their kids might catch gay at Disney World.
RT
RT It has begun.. investigate him!
Nice thread with some important data #GloryToUkraine
IYKYK
I'm here to report that the Sky Club at SFO in Terminal 2 next to C3 has soft, 2-ply toilet paper
Today's Image of the Day: Cygnus Cargo Craft at the Space Station -
Your voice matters, and makes a difference. I can't even begin to understand what you are feeling, but I care and will help to amplify and bring awareness however I can. 💙💛
At least she didn't say "Google Wave"
RT I am begging you people to get a personality beyond "I miss Google Reader"
RT Another day, a million more refugees, dozens more innocent Ukrainian civilians murdered intentionally by Putin's military.…
I heard it takes 3 shots
2nd shot of Penicillin on the evening
You've obviously stopped giving him Counter Cheese
And they are all platforms of the Republican Party
RT "Tossing things over the fence is an anti-pattern." Good read on progressive delivery 👇🏾
RT Radical Delegation - a core tenet of #ProgressiveDelivery and an important leadership quality. Here are few more word about…
RT 🇺🇦 Ukrainian open source developers will come together to talk about their experiences of Russian invasion. Come join us…
RT Warm seats
Today's Image of the Day: 3.6 Billion Years in Pastel Colors -
Another exciting development for us at CircleCI!!
RT With all the horror happening in #Ukraine it’s too easy to overlook the terror happening in #Texas. My ❤️ goes out to yo…
RT They are not claiming their dead. Let that wash over you. Countless soldiers will not get the burial they deserve beca…
RT Louisa Jenkins casually smokes a cigarette as the police try to question her at a protest in 1957.⁣
Congrats Captain! Great work!
RT Idaho's house just passed HB 675. It passed by a vote of 55-13. It would make providing gender affirming care to trans…
RT The CFP for #CascadiaJS 2022 is OPEN 🎉 We believe is that every developer has a story, and that sharing these stories is h…
RT The Russian warship that attacked Ukraine's Snake Island last month has been destroyed. The Times reported that the l…
RT I was reminded of the term "openwashing" by Gabriele Columbro at the "Open Source in Finance Forum London" conference. A…
Great news for a project that continues to grow! Have you checked out ?
I get that a lot
3 Clown Posse
RT still accepting apps 👇
I can't say enough how much this conference has influenced me. You should be there.
"I'm old in web-years, not old in people-years." -
That's good right there
This is hands down the best.
Here at the #KCDNUG watching talk about "Building Accessible Components with Razor"
Todd gets in tomorrow
RT if you don't read weblog every day what are you even doing with your life?
I've heard gin helps with the self-pity and complaining Also, that sucks mate. Hope you get better soon.
RT In the olden times, there was a joke about a man driving to a local market on a tank, opening the window, and asking: “Sa…
Give the dog and yourself bacon.
RT Okay, rather than a “no fly zone,” let’s do a “secure humanitarian corridor.”
RT Timeline Cleanse as a Service
Today's Image of the Day: Engineering NASA’s Return to the Moon -
RT Dear friends, read this please: There is evidence that these crimes are happening and escalating mo…
This is tweet perfection
You didn't ask. This is more fault since he didn't mention that he had used mine.
"Special jeans freezer" was not where I thought conversations were going to go tonight
Congrats David!!
I love mine and use it constantly. I showed it to the other day
RT It’s international women’s month and it’s also my duty to ask all men to start calling us women, not females
RT I’ve only rarely sung this song in the many years since it was written, because I never thought it would be relevant aga…
RT This kit announcement marks an important milestone I never dreamed would happen: me using “kit” correctly in a sentence.
Windswept hair after riding a scooter through SF for 15min
#GloryToUkraine
Oh? I felt there was more to come. Or maybe I needed there to be
RT #WheelOfFortune Classic Contestant A: Another feather in your hat Contestant B: asks for g Contestant C: hits bankrup…
How did I not know #PeakyBlinders Season 6 is now out?
RT 🎙️ Orbit is hosting events at #SXSW this week, inc: - Dev advocacy at Stripe w/ - DevRel panel w/
Today's Image of the Day: Launching to Study Pulsating Aurora -
RT The first volunteers from #GreatBritain arrive in #Ukraine.
OH: "Ben Affleck plays a super hero like it's on public access television"
OH: "It's the Kubernetes of popcorn"
Right?
Recently saw these small bottles, puked in my mouth, and then had to take a pic to publicly shame the brewers, the roasters, the distributors, the retailers, and those who buy this abomination. Shame on you all.
RT Protect the brave journalists covering Russia’s invasion of Ukraine: In addition to the countless Ukrainian journalists…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY FRIEND!!!
Latest episode of wherein proclaims 2022 "the year of the VR desktop", and Canonical will not be acquired this year. "Bold"
RT Written down like this Zelenskiy’s address tonight reads like a powerful poem.
RT “When the Soviet Union broke down, Ukraine had its own nuclear weapons. These weapons were dismantled under a guarantee o…
RT “As I write these words, I am terrified that at any moment Putin may win. If he does, my friends and family might be kill…
Honestly, the pro-authoritarian side hasn’t changed, nor has the pro-democracy side. We’re just seeing it become more obvious.
RT Слава Україні
RT When we create content, the ideas &amp; concepts typically come from ourselves or our community members. But when we work…
RT Leaders of the world, this is your humanitarian duty! - Zelensky #DefendUkraine #ClosetheSkyoverUkraine
RT What a goal by Jadon Sancho! 🔥 The former Manchester City player levels the match for Manchester United! 📺:
RT What a finish, 😍 #MUFC | #MCIMUN
Yeah, that's no "Whoops", that was 100% intentional
RT Trying to attract attention to themselves at the expense of a good decent man’s safety. Should cause voters to reconsi…
It was successful
Wait, this thing is still around? Wordle 259 3/6 ⬛🟩⬛🟩⬛ ⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Update: DevOpsDays Chicago has been rescheduled for Sept 21-22, 2022. Come join us for some tavern-style talks and dee…
RT What does Ukraine want in terms of arms? Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba today w/ Secretary Blinken: "It’s no sec…
#GloryToUkraine
RT Simply put, thank you seniors 💙❤️
RT ❝ Now I know the true definition of a diehard fanbase because I played here at Kansas. ❞ 𝐒𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐨𝐫 𝐓𝐫𝐢𝐛𝐮𝐭𝐞 //
Oh my.... 💜
OH: "Just because the picture has beer in it doesn't make it a thirst trap"
. and I have learned that beer and wine should not have a baby
I feel like my phone really knew what was up
RT There are two kinds of leaders. Which would you rather have? #StandWithUkraine️ #UkraineRussiaWar
RT 👋 PSA: Many of your colleagues are managing family stresses, in addition to their day jobs. "Working remotely" still…
I feel like this was made for a few of us (myself included)
My concern is that it will attract the asteroid
And then when they over steam the milk...
RT Friends, if you want to see perfection today, this is it.
You... you're the best.
Yeah it cuts through the bullshit and just lays it out from a tech perspective
A really great analysis of what it is by
Fuck, David. I hope you hear something soon.
RT How can you be sure that your #CICD pipelines are secure? Join our developer advocate next Thursday at 11 AM GMT, wh…
Today's Image of the Day: Nancy Grace Roman: First Chief Astronomer -
RT First time in the world history, a country terrorist is attacking a gigantic nuclear plant, and threatening the entire world…
Technically I think that's either a moving screen, or it's travelling
Solid suggestions
I'm at the point in the day where there's a team happy hour in 2 hours, and I literally have nothing to do until then.
There are so many glorious layers to this... #FreeUkraine #GloryToUkraine
Right? A giant wall of text of things he (the mighty did for Rails, and then whining about people not liking his shitty stance and other voices being put in front of his. FFS... Grow up.
I see that "politics shouldn't be discussed at work" is going over really well there while posting on your (checks link) company's blog. Good to see your hypocrisy is alive and well
RT DevOpsDays Chicago stands with our friends &amp; family in Ukraine. We have donated $2000 to already &amp; have ano…
Sharing to my friends at for reach
Fuck them until they've fucked off, and then they can keep on fucking off. And it's not just Texas - every GOP-controlled state either has some form of oppression in place, or are seriously pondering it after Texas and Florida keep holding each others' shitty IPA
Sometimes I wonder if the kids are gonna be alright, and then I see this. 🥰
Hi Rich!
RT It's a universal rule in tech that if something has "-less" on the end of it then it definitely involves that thing
Presented with no context from the company offices
RT I have written some words I might update the post later as I gain more information Please ask your local government offici…
This reply to the associated tweet is solid gold
Yep. I remember watching that and the Serbian War as they started up
And the Bosnian War
RT The person who talks the most is the most likely to become the leader. Data: regardless of intelligence and expertise, gro…
And then let Oprah give them all away You get a 🛥️! You get a 🛥️! You all get a 🛥️ AND a flat!!!!
Today's Image of the Day: A View of the Red Planet (in Blue) -
RT All of this
RT BREAKING: The Jan. 6 select committee says it believes Donald Trump violated multiple laws in his quest to overturn the 20…
RT Shortly after a Texas judge temporarily shielded a family and a psychologist from order on medical care f…
That's a good list .. I had an '89 Supra Turbo
RT The challenge with imposter syndrome is that we try to boil competency, like so many things, down to extremes. If I'm no…
RT Product idea: A printer, but it just like, works, every time.
She probably should lay off the ivermectin and related bullshit
RT Community goals should always be expressed both in how they impact the members as well as the company. #cmgr #devrel
Oh noes! Hope you recover soon, with minimal symptoms!
Some very important context in this 🧵 on what we are seeing
RT "Lean into the people championing DevOps practises within their teams and organisations - empower them, and give them the abi…
Today's Image of the Day: Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite-T Soars After Launch -
OH: "Your network is your network"
OH: "I need to take a deep breath, I'm a little worked up"
RT Why are only 4 million people following He is a truly inspiring hero and tweets timely news, including in E…
RT Amazing how people are still surprised when old rich white dudes out themselves as bigots.
RT We are all Ukrainians right now 🇺🇦 It’s been a long day…but before I go to sleep here’s my message to you… #ChefsForUkr…
RT Words are easy Dying in a war you didn’t ask for is hard Use your words #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦
RT If you have a blue check and you're not being vocal about helping Ukraine you're a bad person.
His reelection campaign might go broke
RT President Zelenskyy received a standing ovation from EU officials on Tuesday after addressing the EU Parliament about his…
Finally back in the offices after 2 years, and the view is still great (even though they built a building covering up the left side)
RT ⚡️Zelensky: "What the occupiers are doing in Kharkiv, Okhtyrka, Kyiv, Odesa, and other cities and towns merits an inte…
RT Hey tech friends, this is your time to get political Your voice matters! Ukraine is holding off the Russian invasion alone…
Today's Image of the Day: Rosemary Dobbins: Illustrating the Space Age -
RT Just had a chance to ask a question to
It's been 2 years since I was in SF....
RT BREAKING: Ukraine's president calls for no-fly zone over the country
RT ⚡️Zelensky: A state that commits war crimes against civilians can't be a member of the UN Security Council. Such a st…
RT 🎙️ DevRel: Where we're at, and what's next — a panel with these great folks: from from…
I thought of that too late, and won't really be able to try it over the next few weeks
I want to say, "It's not that big of a deal..." but it sure is nice
That would be awesome
I love the looks I get with my blue hair from the other first class passengers
RT THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — #ICC prosecutor to open probe into possible war crimes or crimes against humanity in #Ukra…
IVantAnotherVacation
RT We’re hosting our inaugural CircleCI(connect) event in London tomorrow on World Compliment Day. See you there? PS. Your code…
RT FIFA suspends Russia from playing international soccer indefinitely
"Rich copied me"
❤️
RT Those who help amplify, share, express support, or act in support of Ukraine - I thank you. It means the world. Those who c…
RT #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 as it defends itself against invasion! Please show your support in whichever way you can Tomorrow may…
RT People are asking me why I endorsed the use of "We're Not Gonna Take It" for the Ukrainian people and did not for the anti-m…
THIS is a perfect way to start a Monday! Congrats Ali! You're going to rock it, and you've joined a great org!
RT Kyiv most be held. Ukraine is winning. Not losing is winning. The one objective of the Russian Army is to move as quickly…
RT Vladimir Putin has killed Swedish neutrality and German pacifism in a single weekend
It's my thing Brandon. Gosh.
RT Will I see you there? Possibly. Will whomever attends have an ✨absolute blast✨ Guaranteed!
And we're back to full blue!
RT Confirmed. Volodymyr Zelensky is the Ukrainian voice of Paddington Bear.
Let's do that again!
How different is that from now?
Step 3, and now we wait (thanks to my sis )
Oh man I wish I had thought of that!
Oh definitely still 🔵, but it had almost fully grown out and needed redone
Step two after the bleach is a purple/white powder to tone out all my reddish/yellow tint
Step one of the recolor
RT This is the same guy who hid in the bunker of the White House because he was afraid of the Americans outside.
The Ukrainians I have met are badasses. This tracks. #IStandWithUkraine #Ukraine
RT Our Travis County DA and four other district attorneys across the state issued a statement condemning Abbott and Paxton…
RT
RT Today and every day, my heart goes out to Trayvon Martin’s parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, who love their son an…
RT I’ve seen a lot of tweets about donating to the Red Cross. If you aren’t aware, the Red Cross isn’t a great organizatio…
May history not forget this moment
RT Dear Ukrainians 🇺🇦 If you arrive in USA, we will do everything possible to arrange any help. You are strong &amp; brave. Dest…
RT ⚡️Lviv-based Pravda brewery switches to making Molotov cocktails. The brewery announced the plans after Ukraine’s Def…
RT So I've been asked what my advice would be to civilian resistors in Ukriane, especially Kyiv. Someone with no military tr…
And taken up knitting and Cornhole
RT Watch this. 2 football teams using their platforms for the force of good 🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
RT When Republicans realize that they are on the wrong side of this remind them they supported the man who took support for Ukr…
Miracle Whip isn't Mayo. Duke's and Hellman's are spot on. You're on the right track to grilled cheese nirvana
RT ⚡️Zelensky posts another video filmed in central Kyiv. "There's a lot of fake information online that I call on our a…
RT Watching Putin's attack on Ukraine play out, I am struck by the thought that Putin learned the lesson from the wrong Afghanis…
Yes. And I am just reiterating to the uninitiated the right way
I'm right. You know it.
RT 🇺🇦 All Americans, share widely please‼️ Putin &amp; Lukashenko = cruel murderers worse than Hitler. He'll NOT stop at Ukraine,…
Mayonnaise on the outside of a grilled cheese sandwich is better than butter send tweet
RT Infinity (noun)
RT Picture of Putin. Do not zoom in. You have been warned.
RT If you're building a #hackathon project this weekend, there's no reason you shouldn't be using to help you #automate…
Zelensky, and his Cabinet, are heroes and have the BALLS to post this. And the guy in the back with the phone is making it clear to everyone that it is real and recent, not some propaganda filmed days earlier. RESPECT.
RT Dear friend, your actions matter. Your voice can be decisive to strengthen Western resolve and protect the security of Ukraine…
It's almost like they're all about distraction?
Thanks to all who attended my "What a global pandemic can reveal about better DevOps practices" talk at . You can find my slides at Look forward to meeting you all in person next year!
RT I’d like to remind everyone that your feelings are valid. You’re not a robot. None of this is normal. It hasn’t been no…
RT I want to congratulate Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson on her nomination to the Supreme Court. Judge Jackson has already inspi…
RT #opensource community leaders... Cancel your meetings. Or keep the timeslot to hold intentional space for folks to ju…
RT The Russian military website is currently a teapot. HTTP status 418 is a joke response code: "I'm a teapot"
RT -Support Ukraine militarily, immediately, everything but boots on the ground. All weapons, intel, cyber. -Bankrupt Putin's…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Peers at Peculiar Pair of Galaxies -
Ballsy AF. 👏🇺🇦👏
Yep. It's a multilevel joke
Wordle 250 5/6 ⬛🟨⬛⬛🟨 ⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛ ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
What an absolute douchenozzle. Angie, you're an absolutely amazing person and I'm honoured to have met you a few times and hung out (but not as much as I wish). Keep on rocking
Wrong answers only
I'm sorry, who the fuck are you? is an absolute rock star with a long history of contributions to tech. The unstated subtext of your tweet is that you're a (checks profile) fanboi of the NJ Generals of the USFL. Fuck all the way off.
These are not the same type of "friends"
Fucking hell. Who are you to tell someone what they are feeling?
🦗 🦗
A pitiful, embarrassing display out there
GAKPO!!!! That's a solid start to the 2nd half after a horrendous 1st #EURo2024
Let's go #EURO2024
Well hi! 👋
You can, but they tend to be way less interactive and frankly, Nick, it would give off some bad vibes.
Likewise, but we will find another time
Same, Shar!
Sucks so bad and I'm gutted for you Austin! I hope you feel better real soon
Enjoying a nice cup of coffee in my mug here at home #devopsdays #mugshots
RT We're getting "mugshots" from attendees and we're loving it! Do share where you're having your #devopsdays coffee (or tea) 📸…
RT Today is a historic day as we proceed to actual, real negotiations with the European Union on Ukraine's membership. On Feb…
RT Congrats🏆to the winners of the #JavaScript Open Source Awards! 💥Breakthrough of the Year: 💥The Most Exciting…
This movie is gonna be so fucking good
RT There’s an important reason to use the spelling “Kyiv” to refer to Ukraine’s capital city: The “Kiev” spelling is translite…
Whatever you thought this was, it isn't it
Next week... I'm looking forward to seeing my friends in the Bay Area. Hit me up if you want to hang!
RT Part of working in open source means you inevitably have the privilege of connecting with kind and amazing people all over…
"may" is not the attitude I want to see here Jillian. It "WILL" rescue us.
Maybe make sure to up the number of shits you take in the house while staying there?
RT Thinking of Ukraine and my Ukrainian friends 🙏
RT Black History Matters. 365 Days/Year. #WomenSoulOfTheMovement matter beyond #BlackHistoryMonth. Thank you for learning…
Today's Image of the Day: Ted Brown: Artist of the Space Age -
RT Between *gestures wildly* well, everything- life can feel overwhelming. Be kind to yourself today. Take a nap. Drink water.…
You definitely want to come hang with the London CircleCI crew, including on March 1!
RT this week in ukraine
RT Something I first realized in 1991 and thought about while watching post-9/11 invasions and drone strikes, but that I take for…
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Wordle 249 5/6 ⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛ 🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Okay, here’s my idea. The U.S. doesn’t want war. But we have a surplus of truckers who really, really love freedom and re…
I’m about to play DnD for the first time. Ever. This should be fun. #BunkersAndBadasses
Ahh, right. How silly of me.
You mean ?
You're an amazing parent and person, and I know you're going to be the best support your child could ever have. I (and so many others) are here for you and to support you.
Ugh - those moments were the absolute worst
OH: "boozy ice cream saved my life"
🔥👏✨
One more lap around Galilee
Right? That's a whole other level of servant leadership I'm not signing up for.
In partnership with the amazing team, make sure you come by and enjoy all the festivities.
OH: New way to measure your management, is what % of Jesus are you?
So much work ...
I think it starts working when you get a TV deal
DON'T DEFLATE MY DIET DREAMS WILL
Sometimes you only need a headline to tell you all you need to know. "Alan Ritchson's Jack Reacher Diet Included Popeye's Chicken and Cookies"
WHAT IN THE HOLY HELL?
Yeah, you'd be joining in my "I don't care" list
Today's Image of the Day: Studying Flames in Microgravity -
I don't care. That's 5x warmer than me Tim. 😭
RT Developer relations is about building real authentic relationships and connecting with a community, not the sheer size of…
AccuWeather, though I do prefer the real life feelings from and
Yeah, you're in Colorado though, where I would be ok with that
Well, it is the Midwest
"long for the days when hell has frozen over and my nostril hair falls out from catching their death in cold" is what I heard you say
FML
For a long time I have had a special place in my taste buds for coffees from El Salvador, and this Finca Mileydi Pacamara from via hits the spot. It's very flavourful with a subtle sweetness, I'm going to have to make a French press of it later.
Thank you Rich, I really appreciate it
RT Elon Musk’s antics epitomize the oligarch class: reckless, vapid, horrible to workers, motivated only by self-interest, but th…
Thank you Erin!
Welp, I heard back and it's OFFICIAL: ADHD. I've self-managed all my life up until early 2020, and with *everything* (COVID, weight gain bringing on sleep apnea, etc.) it's just become an issue that needs addressing. So, here we go. 🚀😆
RT It is hard to overstate how damaging trickle-down economics has been for the American economy. It has eviscerated our tax code…
Oh my.. tell me more
Yep. This would be a game changer for the Girl Scouts and my wasteline.
This was unnecessarily hard Wordle 248 6/6 ⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛ ⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛ 🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛ ⬛🟨🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
TMW your radio works in your car for the first time in 3+ years and you find that #MCR #TheBlackParade CD that's been in the changer
So a month later, I finally have my car back. Due to its age (evidently 14 yrs is "too old" to get keys redone), they had to take the ECM out of the vehicle and send it off to a company that hacks these and literally remove the feature from the car. So, yeah. Tech was a bad idea.
RT Poseidon looking at a receipt from CVS
Of course not! It's a flipper
Psst... This is how it started, and was the sole purpose for the brand. I have "the receipts".
RT Advocate isn't a title, it's an attitude. You should be advocating for your customers every day, in every role - because w…
RT Remembering #MalcolmX on the 57th anniversary of the day he was assassinated.
EMILY. Play nicely with the other kids in the sandbox.
Today's Image of the Day: Melba Roy Mouton – Mathematician -
Yep
Missed another day.. ¯\_(⊙_ʖ⊙)_/¯ Wordle 247 3/6 ⬛🟩🟨⬛🟨 ⬛🟩🟨⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Given your preference for Dunkin' Tim, I hate to think what your better half calls "great"
I feel like we need to examine your use of the word "good", and how you use it elsewhere because "good coffee" and "Dunkin'" don't go together
RT A “that’s what she said” so powerful it destroys everything in a 5-mile radius.
RT A reminder: don’t assume your own needs match your member needs. Your role as a community leader is to figure out how y…
This must be coordinated. With the ice shack. And the cold beer. And other things.
. is the only chain coffee I like
RT 1) The U.S. is not the cause of what's about to happen. 2) The U.S. won't be the solution to what's about to happen. 3) What…
The problem with this plan requires going to Ottawa in the winter. Been there, done that. Froze all of my balls off.
No
I want to go ice fishing sometime.
So exciting Aydrian!
Isn't that what CI/CD is for?
Doo eeet
Yep! I'll see you there!
I'm excited to share that on Fri Mar 11 in Austin I'll be hosting a panel on #DevRel the GAN Hub at SXSW with some amazing people in / / / / Register now &amp; come hear their perspectives on DevRel
RT John Lewis knew that change could not wait for some other person or some other time. His life was a lesson in the fierce u…
Happy birthday to a truly swell guy,
RT I make mine with actual rink-ice. Celebrate the #MiracleOnIce, a drink 42 years in the making.
RT On this day in 1991 Guido van Rossum released the first version of #Python (0.9) to the Usenet group alt.sources. As of 202…
RT People who have flipped NFTs and are having a tax shock... How do they handle capital gains? When I sell any asset, I put down…
RT And Canada's second amendment isn't about guns, it's about British Columbia being a province. Different countries ha…
When you love something, you shoot it in the face... So it doesn't become a flesh eating monster.
Oh my... That would have been epic
I am in serious need of a blowtorch
Sniff it of course... 乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ
Spider on snow
RT Everyone getting the picture now?
😢😥
RT CircleCI launches dedicated hosts for macOS development by
RT UP. THE. REDS! 🔴 #MUFC | #LEEMUN
#ManUtd are playing extremely well in horrible conditions, hoping they keep on in the second half
May The Queen recover quickly. #GodSavetheQueen
That looks amazing! Hi !!
What in the hell?
RT It's important to understand the genesis &amp; rhetoric behind the Q bullshit because the Republican Party abandoned having any w…
Well, that checks out
Hope they stay mild and pass quickly!
Ours likes to eat the menagerie of animal poop in the backyard
I remember similar variations 😂🤣
31 years... Where did my teenage years go?
Who, Whibley?
So lucky on this one Wordle 245 3/6 🟩⬛⬛🟨⬛ 🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
I love this new song (and video) from featuring Whibley from Sum41. Yes, it's the same ol' Simple Plan. That's what I like about it.
Has she begun counting?
Aww - beagles! Here's Biscuit (right) and Alice - enjoy your weekend!
RT To grow a community start with going narrow and deep. Once you have a formula that works then reach and grow horizontally.
Mmm McGriddles...
It sure looks it, and the thread talks about it being $1k
Maybe because then you're in control?? And they aren't?
And put together a really nice ecosystem and UI for doing all that
Not to mention the odd country changing hands randomly
RT In which says that because we're asking developers to be on the hook for building more secure apps, w…
Ahh perfect. I can throw them.
I can't do that... I eat it before it becomes necessary for personal defence
I would totally drop the $ for this
Wow! Big news! I'm excited to hear what you get up to next!
Been a long week, and had to open this new bag of coffee yesterday, a good Costa Rican medium roast naturally processed single origin from Windmill Coffee Roasters ( and delivered a few days before I needed it so I didn't have to wait by
Ahh, then that makes total sense
Wow.. that's some kind of energy
Wordle 244 4/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟨⬛⬛🟨🟩 ⬛⬛🟨⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Today's Image of the Day: Taking a Selfie on the Red Planet -
Ahh now I don't have to feel bad about Doordash-ing Taco Bell at midnight
Regurgitating a recent video from Prager...
Meh it's fine. I get a clean slate 🤩
Cracker jack cereal boxes
Yeah I got it, and nothing. Oh well.
So I missed a day by accident, and now my stats reset on the new site Wordle 243 4/6 🟨⬛⬛⬛🟩 ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Well that sucks... Wordle just migrated to NYTimes domain and I lost my history
Aww thanks
Quite a long thread with a lot of evidence around BAYC and it being a front for the alt-right.
I just had update my avatar that he originally did a few years ago, and this new one rocks as well! You should have him create one for you, too!
This is so good
Thanks for the input, and glad you figured it out! For more information on how the build agent does the splitting, see our docs: And there is also a support article on what's happening here:
AHH that makes sense now
This is good info. Could you create a support ticket with all of the info, including a link to your build, and we can take a look?
Would love to understand what it is you're working on so we can help you out. You can submit a support ticket or create a topic on and we'll see what we can assist with!
And how expensive it is generally to replace the ink, sometimes more than the cost of a new printer
This is one of the reasons I think it's important that the people writing the product aren't the ones writing the docs, at least past a certain stage of the product.
I do, I do.
I said I wasn't taking questions. But since you bring it up, Coke (in all its forms, even those referenced) is better than Pepsi.
Why is this so big?
Hard to find the fault there
Gutted I am going to miss this now. I mean, I was before, but now knowing you'll be there too.....
Always get weird with it
Pepsi (and all variations) is the worst soda. I will not be taking questions at this time.
RT Hey, any freelancers or self-employed folks have an invoicing product they'd like to recommend? Don't need it to tie into bookk…
RT 🍎 macOS/iOS/Xcode devs - this one’s for you. Introducing Dedicated Hosts - 24hr continuous access to bare metal instances c…
The "Space Force: Season 2" trailer is just what I needed to see this afternoon
That's good news then
RT What’s next for the best free plan anywhere? We make it even better. Announcing today our free plan now includes access to t…
I hope they replace all the cooking supplies
I doubt it will have changed much... Maybe more zany
What? No Casa Bonita?
RT Unpopular opinion (maybe): Community isn’t the new anything. It’s been around longer than some of us have been alive &amp;…
Maybe not a _GOOD_ fan, but a realistic one. That being said, I've followed ManUtd for yrs &amp; it's been a frustrating last 5 or 6. Peacock streams the PL matches, Fubo is great for just finding matches (depending on your subscription) as they were the OG, &amp; Paramount+ is good too
Real thoughts and prayers out to you and your family Sean.
And they all be like
RT "When it comes to Putin's objectives, do not think in rational terms. We're on Putin's time, Putin's dime, and Putin's m…
An absolutely amazing set of speakers in the Early Bird announcement for #cdCon 2022! There's still time to get your CFP in too! Submissions close at 11:59P February 18 PST!
What in the hell?
So I'm wondering if this would helpful for you here? Or are you looking for more than this?
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Tests the F/A-18E -
RT London bound on the 1 March? PowerUp your #CICD with a technical workshop, followed by game-changing cocktails, wood-fired pi…
Yes, you both have the same first name. But he's right.
I've been accused of this before
OH: "Oh how do you know {X person in DevRel}?" Me: "Oh we've shared many a meal and drinks in multiple countries over the years."
RT When someone suffers a direct, personal tragedy, we all acknowledge that their life will never be the same. We'd never say,…
RT OK, so after spending the past five years watching Millennials try to fight Boomers, I guess I'm gonna spend the next f…
Today's Image of the Day: Orbiting a Red Dwarf Star -
Wordle 241 4/6 🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛ 🟩⬛🟩🟩⬛ 🟩⬛🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
The original music video has 50 hanging upside down
RT Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman, and director Shawn Levy tell the story of how came back from certain death—incl…
Such a good one
Was that the "Song for the Dumped"? It's a fun one to do, especially when is wearing his black t-shirt
If you're in Kansas City July 16, check out this free, half day Red Hat OpenShift virtualization workshop with the Red Hat User Group at the brewing location
Hey #DevRel and #Community peeps: while it's uncertain if I'll be at #devrelcon, I'm passing on a discount code that could hopefully make it easier for you to attend. It looks like a lot of really good content, so hopefully you'll be able to attend!
It was quite good overall. Cooked at 500F for ~12min. A few things I would do differently: 1- Used Jiffy pizza crust mix, it rose more than I expected, so make a thinner crust 2- Cook at 400-450F to slow down the baking of the crust and limit the uneven finished crust
And then smoke two in the morning, two at night… and two in the afternoon will make you feel alright
Them: Can you really smoke a pizza? Me: &lt;long, slow blink&gt;
RT TRAVIS KELCE THE MAN THAT YOU ARE
RT BALO GOAL. GEN ZEAGLES TAKE FLIGHT. NO SLEEP TIL JULY 15. 🇺🇸🦅
RT BALOGOOOOOAAAALLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!
Yeah...
Awesome opening goal from in just the 3rd minute! #Concacaf #usmnt
Their whole hiring process is a wild, borderline shit show
And for reference, I also have karaoke scheduled Thursday evening 9p-midnight, so there are options.
Yay! That's the best!
Amazing! Both are such good names! How old? And does she love cuddles?
Such a cute puppers!
This third season of has been amazing, and I've been a blubbering idiot on the plane watching these last 2 episodes of Season 3. So good.
RT Just so we’re all clear since there’s a lot of disagreement about birth years: Boomer = Anyone older than you that you…
Yup.
Tsk tsk
Stumble 'til you crawl, sinking into sweet uncertainty
I tried to get the idea of "Coffee IV" off the ground at our coffee shop and my wife, a nurse, would have none of it
I _have_ snorted them (by accident I might add) as part of a coffee cupping/tasting exercise and it is not pleasant. As it's a requirement for proper extraction of coffee (and as such the caffeine) that water be involved, you'd do better with a mainline.
RT Simple is always relative
OH I agree - love the movie and it's been too long since I've seen it, so it requires a proper rewatch.
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." -Bilbo Baggins
Remind me why it's Hot Fuzz Day? I feel like I have heard this before...
Having run a company providing FOTA and MDM services in the Android ecosystem, this is solid analysis
RT There should be a project to fix apple's shit and named after dystopian california landmarks: - san fernando valley - salton…
Oh that sucks! Hope you feel better soon!
Such a great throwback commercial
Eliminated a lot of the options in the first few but my brain couldn't wrap around the answer for a bit Wordle 240 4/6 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟨 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟨 ⬛⬛⬛🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Maybe would do a small batch, artisanal, handcrafted, hyper-local, limited release of
Today's Image of the Day: Dr. Lyndsey McMillon-Brown: Studying Solar Cells -
After ordering the tests when they became available, it's nice to know I'll receive them a month later.
I'm aware this in no way solves your current issue w/ TravisCI, but we have an amazing FOSS plan (400k credits, all our premium features, 6k build mins, + more) over at CircleCI &amp; I would be happy to discuss it w/ you &amp; explore ways to help you w/ the migration. My DMs are open.
On #ValentinesDay, don't forget to poop
This week's coffee from is what it says on the bag - a balanced and sweet Guatemalan coffee via
You have arrived
Yeah, pretty bad
RT it brings me so much joy that a lot of redneck heads just turned into fine pink mist
Hey asshole. Shut up.
Blown call by the referee to start the second half...
As shitty as they are, that was just good marketing. People have to choose to go to the site, trusting it's not malware, etc. A nice little social experiment that I'm glad I just watched the qr code move around the screen like the DVD player image
RT how many devrel salaries did coinbase dump into that ad
I would prefer to hold a baby than try to pick up a cat that I don't know
OH: It's important, I need two holes so that I can squirt. Do you get that feeling right the way around? When you squeeze the bag, and get that little bit of resistance, that means it's full. (-Prue, British Baking Show) Wife and I: .......
Echo this. Have done the eulogy for my grandmother and grandfather, and I was a blubbering mess.
I'll try to do better
I'm actually looking forward to this halftime show for the first time in years
Only 24? And why the upgrade to Bud Light?
Corey. You have my address.
RT Devsecops is like a turducken. A Frankenstein of a dish that strips away the delicious distinctive characteristics of eac…
The beat I've done Wordle 239 3/6 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 ⬛🟨🟨🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
My middle schooler just cracked a smile at "Fire Water Burn" by the Bloodhound Gang
Cold for the next few days here
Hope you have a good evening, and stay warm.
As far I have heard, I don't think that's the current plan, but I hope they change their minds!
TIL that Diet Mountain Dew has 10 calories instead of zero like other diet drinks
Wordle 238 6/6 ⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛ 🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨⬛🟨 ⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛ ⬛⬛🟨🟩🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Finally got around to finishing #TheExpanse, and while I thought it was good, the whole season was just too rushed. I guess I need to get deep into the books.
A 🧵 well worth the read
Often when I was asked to make a drink "extra hot" I stopped caring about the quality of the drink because you're burning the milk. It'll taste like shit anyways. Why make it taste like good shit?
That's positive news. You're taking great care of her.
Thank you for including me in an amazing group!
Oh Matty! Sending 💕 and positive vibes to Moxie and the vet!
Interesting for sure! I just don't see Arsenal changing their ways enough, and I bet they finish 5th.
The finishing this season has been horrific, and that's been a huge difference I believe for us.
RT ✌️ in ✌️ at Old Trafford for 🔥 #MUFC | #MUNSOU
Beautiful pass by Fernandes to Rashford on the run and then a perfect assist to Sancho for the finish. On the counter we've been blistering and probably should be up 2-0, but 1-0 is a good start. #MUFC #MUNSOU
And this morning, it's ".. and football!"
Took you 5+ hours to come up with _that_?
I just made some from a big French bread roll
Congrats Megan! 🎉🎉
RT If you think home-rolling a solution is the answer, you better make damn well sure your solution is *way* better than anythin…
something something was said about never wanting one?
RT Fox News talking about migrant caravans but make the footage Canadian truckers
How did I not know that the #JurassicWorldDominion trailer had dropped? WOW! And a return of some great characters from the beginning 🤩
RT ⏰ Tutorial time ⏰ | CI for Apps Using Jest &amp; #Enzyme Learn how to configure continuous integration for a real-worl…
I take issue with a product that calls itself by the _worst_ day of the week _AND_ insists on putting ".com" at the end of their name.
RT Well, Apple is now in the “actively harmful to your career” bucket until and unless this changes. Guidance to job seekers up…
I read that as Plucker Swing Bar followed you
It's glorious
They likely will, given whence it comes
It really is. Rwandan coffee is a gem
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Cosmic Interaction -
Same.
Now we really know why the former guy always talked about how easy it was to clog toilets in America
This weeks coffee has been one from local KC roaster Notion Coffee. Rwandan coffee is usually in limited supply and often has really fruity notes, and this Mwito was no exception. Delivered via at
Yup. Exactly what I got. Wordle 237 6/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛ 🟨🟩🟨🟨⬛ ⬛🟩⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
That's my kinda hiking
Have fun with it. Practice. Listen. Don't be afraid to make mistakes.
And just as an aside, we do have "re-run job from failed state" on CircleCI and it never ceases to bring delight to CircleCI customers
Why are these words in this order, much less in the same sentence?
Let us know how we can help you in that, and thank you for the compliment!
In an unmarked box
OMG I love your laugh so much, and it's making me laugh. I miss this and you're an amazing person. I absolutely will bring banana bread to your funeral and place it on the casket.
Not surprised in the least. I stand corrected.
Dude - Febreeze to cover your farts is not Spring.
Congrats Shruti! Way to go! Champagne is definitely a requirement!
Would love to have you try it out! Let me know how we can help.
Just wait for what we have in store!
RT 🚀 Feature Release 🚀 We updated our Timing tab to now show you the 3 longest steps in a job, allowing you to quickly investi…
The reply's in support do have solid points (says the guy who's agreeing with the tweet)
Something something yeah.
RT The lady broth protest too much, Miso-thinks.
Join me on March 24-25 at Melbourne as I give a virtual talk on how the global pandemic has shifted how development teams operate, using real-world data, and discussing the metrics which illustrate high-performing teams. Register now at
RT This is horrifying. The erasure being attempted by the GOP across this country is truly malevolent.
Today's Image of the Day: Voyager's View of Jupiter's Great Red Spot -
RT Building a community fosters a place where users talk, share, and help each other. Without this, it is just a bunch of users…
Congrats! You're joining a great team!
Going to assume they also wanted 15 years of experience in the kubernetes
At least you aren't in a green suit this time around
Would not shock me at all Joe
Closest I ever came was finding out my Grandpa had been recruited to start Force Recon (he declined due to having started a family), and one of his kids (my Uncle) was recruited by the CIA (he also declined as he was just getting married).
And... share the book with us?
RT Communities are content hubs, don't forget to leverage member-generated content ✍️ #cmgr ♻️ Figure out the best ways to rec…
WOW! That's awesome news Brandon! Congrats! You're joining an amazing team over there, and welcome to the devops
I somehow skipped a day, but I'm back Wordle 236 5/6 🟨⬛⬛⬛🟩 🟨⬛🟨⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟨⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yep. It's like my momma used to tell me, "Stop digging your own hole."
And quite a thread of trying to walk it back
This is going to be memed for years to come
Cast iron. Heats up and holds temp perfectly.
48oz reservoir... Plus 3 cups from the normal brewer. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
So, I've gone through a full water reservoir on my full-size Keurig in one day. That's normal, right?
Especially with that number on the side
OH: Just another day in DevRel
RT Reminder: the atomic unit of community is relationships. It doesn’t matter what platform you use. If you’re helping peo…
The Crowening: Suburban-living
RT Developer advocacy is simple. You just need skills in engineering, marketing, business development, product management, c…
Wow! Big news for all of you! Congrats!
IT Crowd Hackers
Get you a friend that looks at you the way looks at my turkey
5. Five cups. Making my 6th.
Oh you have no idea Zan... If you ever come to my house, I will smoke you the best turkey.
This was the turkey breast
Counting Crows - "August and Everything After". IMO, from front to back, one of the best lyrical albums in the 90s.
Exquisite. Mouth-wateringly good.
I just thawed the rest of the smoked turkey I did for Thanksgiving and made myself a sandwich. AMA.
RT These ten threads will help you improve your API development skills. Thread 🧵👇🏻
I love mine, sucks you had broken parts but glad they got it sorted.
RT PSA:
Today's Image of the Day: Mark Vande Hei's Window to the World -
Caramel delites
RT Developers — What are your most valuable sources of learning? What’s valuable to you that is not in this doodle, such as…
Finished up a really delicious Guatemalan from the Finca Las Moritas farm, roasted by and delivered via
Related: Once a visiting speaker at church finished speaking and went to the bathroom and didn't turn off his lapel mic, and proceeded to vacate his bowels. During communion.
RT wordle: name a 5-letter word my brain: …TUNA wordle: literally any 5-letter word my brain: …QUENCH wordle: LITERALLY JUST…
Now let's see what VAR says about that Pogba goal... Utter disgrace #BURMUN
Correct.
I hope you enjoy!
Water is in coffee.
What in the holy hell are you on about anonymous asshole on the internet who espouses knowledge and facts but uses none of them?
While I do like tea, I just had to use this
On any day ending in -y, what’s your favorite non-alcoholic drink and why is it coffee?
And depending on the circumstances, I'd go full on Office Space on that bike
This brings back so many memories! I love it!
Today's Image of the Day: Daniel G. Nichols -
That was about to not go well Wordle 234 5/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Churros, you say? UPS delivers. Just saying...
Much more true to the character for sure
As a big fan of the #Reacher books, I really enjoyed the first season of #ReacherOnPrime . Yes, it's a bit different from the first book. It still was good and I can't wait for Season 2.
When the 💩 merges with the other 💩
So it's been almost 2 years since I was in SF - and finding out I'm going to be there again for the first time since the last week of February 2020 has me so excited. If any of you friends want to hang at some point between Feb 28-Mar 9, we should do some planning...
RT The COVID 19 mRNA vaccines - do not impair fertility - do not cause miscarriages - do not accumulate in the ovaries If yo…
RT Log out
Love you Tim.
That's kinda been the story of my life...
I've been late to two meetings already this morning, so I guess I'm just ignoring notifications today?
Whew... It was a toss up between 3 different words at the end Wordle 233 6/6 ⬛🟩🟨🟨⬛ ⬛🟩🟨⬛🟩 ⬛🟩⬛🟩🟩 ⬛🟩⬛🟩🟩 ⬛🟩⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
"Go around and around in circles starting something and then getting distracted by the other thing and then the other..."
Today's Image of the Day: First Rays of an Orbital Sunrise -
That's awesome, can't wait to see it! Let us know how we can support you!
RT Dear Breweries, Not everything has to be a goddamn IPA. IPAs are gross, regardless of what the hipster tells you. It’s…
You come back and convert everything later, right?
We did. No regrets?
It's about time
- My engines are going full speed astern - I require a tug
Sweet beagles
My only concern is backing out of the garage and driving over it on accident
Oh yes
RT I am so tried of our culture elevating ignorance and labeling it as free-thinking.
My sister puts the ball in the fridge when their dog isn't looking so they can have some peace.
Wordle 232 4/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Night y'all
My new private account let's me choose Latest Tweets on Android
I'm down
Regional grocery store chain, Hy-Vee, makes it on occasion and it's delicious
Oh? Interesting. I'll have to check into it
Got it. That certainly narrows it down
I understand nothing about curling, but I am always fascinated by it #OlympicGames
One begets the other
RT I've seen shameful chapters in American history. Sometimes the full scale of the shame isn't apparent in real time. That's n…
Agreed. Connery used to be my favourite, but looking back they just weren't good. Craig is/was the best.
See you next week
Damn! What brought you here?
I just boarded my plane for the return to KC.
After an awesome week at it's time to head home. Thank you to the staff and volunteers who all made the event so good. I rekindled friendships, made some new ones, and am so excited for next year. Thank you for having me!
Watching the #NEDvsFRA match with 200+ of my closest Dutch friends.. "Wij houden van Oranje!!" 🇳🇱🧡🟠🟠🟠🟠
Looking awesome Matty
One of the reasons I chose that photo. 🫰
RT That's a wrap, for now. Talk recordings, slidedecks, sketchnotes, and pictures to follow soon! For now you can rewatch the l…
RT This year the superstar behind the brand, could finally make it to the event and see their designs…
RT Excellent day for Open Spaces, topics discussed include getting started as a tech leader, the NL vs FR Euro game and... chic…
You and the whole Team rocked the event!
You're missed Jay!
Thank you for the Stroopwafel at !!!
Next up at is talking about the "Innovation Incubator" at their company ( that uses a concept of "Ausbilding" a program in Germany that integrates paid apprenticeships and degree programs together to encourage quality #devops training.
Been looking forward to this talk by on "Failing to learn vs Learning to Fail" #devopsdays
Day 2 of is starting with and Jelmer #devopsdays
I just finished a Daniel Craig Bond marathon, and he's without a doubt my favourite Bond. The writing for the 5 movies was so good, and the continuity kept it flowing and telling a consistent story like none of the others IMO.
Really great write up by one of the leaders in the #DevX space
Time to make up for the last 5 days
Only one bootie is a style. 😍🤩
RT “LEGITIMATE POLITICAL DISCOURSE” RNC-February 4, 2022. Make the Election about this. This is the choice. The American…
Yeah, my grandmother would give all of us grandkids, and then great grandkids, $2 bills for birthdays
What a good pup!
Wordle 231 5/6 🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟩⬛🟨🟨⬛ 🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟨🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Great thread, and an experience that I know Tanya isn't alone in...
Par for the course really
A horrifically bad idea from
RT On the one hand we have the best job growth ever but on the other hand the RNC just declared the attempt to overthrow Amer…
No problem at all!
RT Who’s ready to build faster? 🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏾🙋🏽‍♂️ These are the six most effective ways to optimize your config file.
This is a Cirrus CI issue. You could certainly try it on CircleCI though. Dependabot PRs kick off builds on our platform nicely and our Free plan gives you plenty of build credits to work with!
I feel a whole new set of GIFs coming on
RT #Accessibility is not a feature.
Great to hear! Let us know if you have any questions! and are also great resources!
Excited to watch, given it's a bit more accurate take on the character
A good read "Where’s the Cancel-Culture Outrage Over Banning Books?"
Me: "Dear God what is that thing?" &lt;silence&gt; Me: You know what movie that is from, right? Amy: What movie is that? Me: &lt;blink, blink&gt;
RT Hello friends, it’s is my pleasure to present to you all, DevRel Community Africa ( ). We are a non-profi…
Today's Image of the Day: ​Dark Mode Activated! -
The over ears from Sennheiser were good that I have, but the Jabra Elite 85t's I have are amazing
Glad I ironed that one out in time Wordle 230 5/6 ⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ 🟨⬛⬛🟩🟨 ⬛🟨🟨🟩🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Specifically the one giving her the ability to vote and be in Congress.
a·mend·ment noun a minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation, etc.; an article added to the US Constitution.
Yes, you saying that _does_ spit in the face of the Founders.
I always thought it was like shuffleboard on ice, and I barely have an idea of what is happening there either.
If I want to chase my food around the plate, I use a spoon. If I want to exert dominance and actually eat in a reasonable amount of time, I use a fork.
Meh, I don't know. I got bored I guess?
So I started a private account... Unsure if I'm going to keep it up or not.
Not mad at you at all my dear friend!
Good man. Now I need the recipe.
One question: beans or not?
Why so late to the party? I've had one for years.
RT Excited to talk about shipping. Excited to be in person (and online). It's win/win. Join us!
Today's Image of the Day: R Aquarii: An Expanse of Light -
Now I can go to bed Wordle 229 4/6 🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Oh I'm smitten... 4 episodes in and I think it's awesome!
Gonna start a fire and finally start The Book of Boba Fett tonight
Agreed. think I have 2 of them somewhere with pure AOSP.
Luckily the ice didn't materialise and we just have snow
RT GitHub is down. Don't panic. We've trained for this. Take a deep breath, grab a marker and a whiteboard, and let's im…
Proper runs were made. It stopped snowing about midday leaving us with a total of about 4 in, and then it's supposed to pick up again tonight with probably another two to four
We had a respite, and then it's kicking back up tonight
RT Folks in the Vue community: What would you like to hear me speak about at a conference or meetup? RT for reach please
Such a great little adventure with "Hitch"
I think people are going to have a strong reaction to this one Wordle 228 3/6 ⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛ ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Looking for #NodeJS developers (recent grads and experienced) to take part in an hour long paid research session where y…
After all these years , I'm finally getting a Vive
Doing ok. How are YOU Sasha?
I'm inclined to send you one of our YAML shirts for that one Paul
I am very ashamed to admit that at one point in life, I went that long between dentist visits.
And it's still going - about 2-3 inches I think so far and a lot more snow to fall. A proper snowstorm.
Yeah been sleeting for awhile now and moved to snow now
Expect 6-10 in of snow over the next 12 hrs, and school's already cancelled.
Oh I just sorted that. Looks like the spam filter identified your quick sign up and then a long detailed post as possible spam. But we're good.
I think I'm going with the HTC Vive Focus once I look at it all
What's the issue Oscar? Happy to help or get more eyes on it! is also an option for more involved troubleshooting
Right? I'd eventually get to the query that got most of what I needed
Yeah I really want the new Oculus but I'm not logging into Facebook after 4 years just to use it
But I felt it
Ok Twitter friends... I'm thinking about VR on Windows and wondering which is the better option (note, I won't do Oculus until they _finally_ remove the requirement for a Facebook account). RT for reach if you don't mind.
Just @ me next time... All of my db queries look like this
RT Community-building takes time, sometimes years. If that’s not something you can get comfortable with, then you probabl…
First of the NYT-le 227 4/6 ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 🟨🟨🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
For those who have seen my "DevOps before there was DevOps, 20 year old style" lightning talk, or read this post, you'll notice a trend that is probably why I no longer am a SysAdmin
Today's Image of the Day: Lightness of Being: Remembering Space Shuttle Columbia and Her Crew -
RT Only 8 hours left in the CFP - when it closes, it closes! Get your submissions in!! #devopsdays
You're a beast. 🏆❤️
While at Sprint, there were _multiple_ servers &amp; apps the Ntk Svcs team (of which I was an AppDev/SysAdmin/DBA/janitor for) _said_ they needed but often couldn't tell me when they last used. I would occasionally unplug them &amp; see who yelled. I ended up plugging back in maybe 30%.
Congratulations, this is awesome! 👏 Great work!
In my early days it happened, and I didn't know what I know now
RT Did you know you can use runners to test on your local infrastructure? Like that mobile test box you've got lying a…
Very, very good points here.
RT If you have money for NFTs, you have money to pay an 80 percent marginal tax rate for the ultra wealthy.
Today's Image of the Day: Learning How Ocean Water Melts Glaciers -
That third try threw me for a bit Wordle 226 4/6 🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛ 🟨🟨🟨⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
I didn't have to do an interview 乁( •_• )ㄏ
RT It's 2 years since I signed the contract, but tonight I FINALLY uploaded the last revisions to my book. It took much l…
Ugh that's no annoying! Sorry that's happening!
I renewed mine on my birthday, they said it would take up to 18 months, and it was renewed &lt;36hrs later. All remote. Is yours less than 6mo until expiration?
Crap. So that's what I was missing.
With or without the eagle?
"I made a vow to have peace, no matter how many people I have to kill to get it." #Peacemaker
Props to their defense in the 2nd half
I just had a feeling this game wasn't going to go our way
RT Fun fact: You can just let people enjoy things. If someone says “I’m excited about a nice steak,” and you’re a vegeta…
And just like that, we win the coin toss. LET'S GO CHIEFS! #ChiefsKingdom
Makes perfect sense to take the time down knowing you at least can kick a field goal to tie it. But they really should have put the game away instead of going to OT.
I did not want this game going into overtime. #ChiefsKingdom
Yeah, offensive line not holding up either
Yeah, I do as well. But consistency will be important going forward.
The NFL officials here have decided to just let the secondary play and pretty much not call anything on both sides #KCvsCIN
Yeah, I have it given the soccer we watch
Just saw the trailer for the #Halo live action TV series - it actually looks good
ICE CREAM!
3 different receivers, 3 TDs. LET’S GO CHIEFS!! #ChiefsKingdom
You guard everything the best you can, you almost get to Mahomes a few times, and yet he gets away and floats one to Kelce for a TD. LET’S GO! #ChiefsKingdom
About the only time I've ever agreed with Bayless, who can't seem to ever say anything good about Mahomes.
LET'S GO! #Chiefs are 21-0 when catches a touchdown! #ChiefsKingdom
Ali is so awesome!
For those who love the flag so much, they sure dishonor it a whole bunch. Me thinks it wasn't about the kneeling at all...
At last count, 25, including "largebits dot com"
Reply with a GIF
Wordle 225 5/6 ⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ 🟨🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Happy Birthday Luke!
I just finished Ozark Season 4, Part 1... What a rollercoaster!
Which ending? The end credit scenes?
Wow! So glad you're ok!
RT Watch our recording of 'DevOps for Dummies: Emily Freeman in conversation' with breaks down the competitive a…
Enjoy your time off Chloe! 🎉🏆
Yeah, it's 2 1/2 hours of questions and tests but it'll be worth it I'm sure when I get the results back in a month.
Thinking about this... Like, I'm anticipating this tasting much better than a Vodka Red Bull. And I'm down 100% for this, until I inevitably try it and it's shit.
And Pete says it like it's a bad thing
Prior to the panini, I had been noticing my mental sharpness dissipating for a few years, and the last 2 have made it more evident to my family. Much of the issues certainly manifest themselves as ADHD, but I went in for a normal checkup last year and they referred me for eval.
Geez... You're living high on the hog
YOU GOT COFFEE?!?!?
I feel like my neuropsychologist could have just given me this bingo board and it could have saved us both 2 1/2 hours
He was great, and I loved the movie personally. Need to watch it again.
RT Facebook: we are the most despised brand for being a platform that spreads disinformation. Spotify: hold my beer.
There's a beagle under the covers here somewhere
It's a whole lot better than "futurist"
RT Some of the same people who won’t help defeat gun violence so our children won’t have to endure active shooter drills and…
For the Love of the Game Major League
What in the Wordle 224 5/6 ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ 🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨 ⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩⬛🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
CONGRATULATIONS! So cute and such a beautiful named release!
RT Joe Rogan and Jordan Peterson decided to share their thoughts on race and it did not go well.
Hmm
"Now the whole world's going to know that you died scratching my balls" One of the greatest lines in any movie
RT "What happens in 2022 will determine whether there will even be a fair election in 2024. Because if all these insurrecti…
RT Biden’s pledge to nominate a black woman to the SC has predictably become a debate about qualifications. Reminder: Amy Cone…
Would love to help... What is it you're trying to do? My DMs are also open
RT The core of white supremacy relies on the narrative that white people deserve powerful positions because they’re just bette…
RT Please assume that everyone is burnt out.
Well.. ok
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering Challenger and Her Crew -
Wait, wait. You hadn't yet?
I'm intrigued...
Wasn't quite awake Wordle 223 5/6 ⬛🟨🟨⬛🟨 ⬛🟨🟨⬛🟨 🟨🟩🟩⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT This is it! Your final chance to submit for #kcdc2022. You have until 10pm Central US time tonight. Fourteen hours to go. We ca…
Keep an eye out for upcoming opportunities with CircleCI!
#HolocaustRemembranceDay #NeverAgain
Doing the Lord's work over here
Oh yes, it was a thing for sure.
It was a phenomenal talk, and had everyone's attention
RT Today is #HolocaustRemembranceDay and my heart hurts just thinking about the atrocities that occurred to fellow human kin…
Have you seen
OK I didn't quittle 222 5/6 🟨⬛⬛🟩⬛ ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 ⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Remember the Holocaust and the people taken from us. Never forget how it came to be: little by little...hateful rhetoric,…
RT Oh hey Twitter friends! DevOpsDays Chicago CFP closes on Monday! Go submit your favorite talk or ignite right now!
I hope you feel better soon. I've avoided it up to now as well, but know it's only a matter of time.
Well that sucks
And the replies run the gamut from "this is bad" to "so what? It's likely a dynamic IP anyway" What in the hell...?
RT Still seeing a lot of "Hi Guys", "Hi Gents" being used to address an entire community of people. Please consider using "Hi A…
For all of you who have ever thought or said, "You need your head examined," (including some of my friends here, in love, I'm sure 😃🤪😜🥰, and certainly my family) I finally did it. I saw a neuropsychologist. Results to be received and disseminated in 4 weeks.
Excellent, short explanation of the depths of empathy shown by
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering Apollo 1 -
Sure sign of micromanagement... An OOO for being out for a day or more, yes. For LUNCH? HECK NO.
RT Suspicious how everyone blames the rising cost of a burrito on workers getting a $1 raise but not the fact that CEO pa…
RT Just a friendly reminder...the CFP for closes in 5 short days! Get your submissions in...don't delay! ht…
This 🧵 is so good..
But not Discord people
Now is the time to get your #cdCon CFP submission in before the Early-Bird Deadline at January 28 at 11:59 PM PST, with the full CFP closing on February 18 at 11:59 PM PST!!
The new plant-based chorizo from is awesome.
RT What is YAML? Is it the same as Sweet Potatol? 🍠 🥔 Better know your root programming languages in this field guide to YAML f…
I mean, I'm not kink shaming.
Tucker Carlson admitting to having a kink for candy cartoon characters is not what I had on my bingo card... but it probably should have been.
We are _truly_ in the WRONG timeline
First off, I am sorry that was your experience. Do you mind shooting me a DM and I will get this sorted for you?
RT Get your booster shot.
Today's Image of the Day: The Colors of Water -
I've heard "make your right hand go to sleep so it feels like a new experience", but not both hands. That's commitment. And flexibility.
Because they're amateurs in more than one thing
I quit Wordle 221 6/6 ⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛ 🟨⬛🟩⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟩🟩🟨 ⬛⬛🟩🟩🟨 ⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Even Matthew McConaughey knows there are only THREE days left in the #kcdc2022 CFP. So we hope you’ll join us! It’d be a lot co…
Yeah but how good was the skid stop?
Man's photos as smooth as his voice
CONGRATULATIONS! 🎉
Swing dance instructor
Being truly seen is so lacking in today's society
Probably just needs to stop making eye contact ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
Beagle cuddles
OH: "She's only interested in you because she thinks you're the Chosen One" OH2: "I _AM_ the Chosen One"
Only to find out they needed 15 of them to survive to the next snack?
AMAZEBALLS! Congrats Katie!
RT ONE. WEEK. LEFT.🤯🤯🤯 Are you ready for #kcdc2024?!
RT We're about to break for lunch, but how great were these sessions by our duo Onno Ceelen &amp; Roy Triesscheijn,…
Thank you to an amazing audience at today for my talk on "#DevEx is central to #DevOps success!" As mentioned, here are the slides: #devopsdays
RT “DevEx is about ruthlessly eliminating barriers that keep your practitioners from being successful” h…
RT Opening done and dusted, for those of you enjoying the conference via the livestream, we're so pleased with very…
Thank you to all the sponsors of #devopsdays
RT #Devopsdays Amsterdam 2024 is kicking off! Join the livestream here: Captions, supported by
Kicking off the 12th year of is and #devopsdays
Good morning ! Let's do this! #devopsdays
RT ✨ We believe in paying tech creators. wrote up our mission to share the bounty of tech — one creator at…
RT Last minute speaker updates are inevitable, good thing we are a community where people step up. &amp;
Tomorrow morning at I'll be talking about the role that #DevEx plays in the success of #DevOps
Workshop Day 0 is ON!
RT "Nobody pays you to build things pre-trouble" is my favourite Piet de Visser quote
RT Come be my teammate at Work alongside me and two other fabulous folks as we build the best-in-class develop…
RT Whose COVID burnout we focus on matters.
Would definitely watch this
I love and hate this at the very same time.
RT Just going to put this out there. There is no customer journey if you don’t have an end state you’re measuring to. This is…
Happy birthday David. You're an amazing person and I'm so thankful to know you!
Today's Image of the Day: X-59 Wind Tunnel Testing at NASA Glenn -
RT My take: a #cmgr primary role is to manage the governance of a community, not the members and not even the information (subject…
So sorry Carter! I hope she's OK, or will be soon.
Back-on-it-le 220 4/6 🟩⬛🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟨⬛⬛🟩 🟩⬛⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
I rarely remember my dreams, but the ones I do remember are all zombie-themed
First OT 3 pointer by at the buzzer to send it to the 2nd OT #rcjh #kubball
No SEC stadium holds the Guinness Record for sound... So ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯ But Joe should go ahead and continue baiting the Arrowhead crowd. Hasn't worked out well for anyone else before.
RT To be fair, Joe has never played at Arrowhead. Having said that, he is in for a rude awakening. There is no place louder in…
It's always white people doing gawd-awful things to perfectly good ingredients
RT I wish I had the opportunity to work with Cassandra longer than I did, but the brief time we did work together was fan…
Tickets were $15 in a flash sale! Had to go. Hope your kid gets better soon. #RCJHGKU
Loudest indoor arena... #rcjh #kubball
LET'S GO JAYHAWKS #RCJH #kubball
Now that's funny! Love you Mat
Mildred's is an institution. I've also grown fond of and their close proximity to
Search.
When did the jokes start?
39min until game time #KUvsTTU #kubball #RCJH
I have never played D&amp;D. There I said it.
RT If you shrug at 850,000 dead people because they're a "small percentage," tell me exactly how you're pro-life?
There are pills for that
Could not have said it better
Face Maximus in the center of the field
This. Is. 🔥
FFS-le 219 X/6 This one sucked ⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛ ⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛ 🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟩⬛🟨 🟨⬛🟩🟨⬛
RT If you run a DevRel org and aren’t actively thinking about how to protect your advocates from harassment, you’ve got work…
If you're looking for someone to lead your Technical / Developer Community, Cass is one of the best!
This is awesome! Not only joining a great team, but they're lucky to have you too! Congrats Jacquie!
RT Someone in a meeting recently said "folks don't need to be sold testing, that's agreed upon and understood as an industry."…
Happy #CommunityManagerAppreciationDay to who leads our community at (and all the rest of us) with empathy, compassion, and sincerity. Thank you for all that you do!
Today's Image of the Day: Studying the ‘Lost Habitable’ World of Venus -
If I ever want to go back to a solid, standard cup of coffee, anything from Costa Rica generally fits the bill, and this single origin from is just that. Consistent and good. via
RT Chiefs vs Bills if the NFL had proper overtime rules…
Oh for sure. F the Patriots. I think the reason they kept the "TD on first possession wins" variation of the old rules comes down to "excitement" and $ from the networks, because the College rules NFL adapted from can sometimes have a game go on for hrs, disrupting TV programs.
It is a bit humourous that the Chiefs tried to get the rule changed after their overtime loss to the Patriots in the AFCCG... And no one wanted it, and Buffalo's GM called them sore losers
RT NO one remembers, but the Chiefs were one of the teams ADVOCATING for a change in OT rules. No one wanted to listen then.
I am a bit behind. I think I saw the first two and missed the rest.
Oh wow! You were there? Amazing!
RT Patrick Mahomes went up against the best defense in the NFL and played a perfect game.
RT Gotta appreciate what we just saw between these two. |
RT Andy Reid to Mahomes with thirteen seconds left: "When it's grim, go be the grim reaper."
Missed Mathieu... Badly. Once he was confirmed out and Sorensen was on the field they made adjustments and in the 3rd quarter started taking shots down the middle of the field.
Missing a good ol'...
Oh for sure! It's gonna be fun.
Happens all the time. Had the same problem 4 years ago when New England won the toss and Mahomes never touched the ball. The coin flip has always been a terrible way to end it.
Yeah, had it hurt us 4 years ago against New England.
Great game! Props to the Bills for an amazing game. Sucks it has to come down to a coin flip
Amazing game, and props to and the #BillsMafia . Best game I have seen in awhile.
LET'S GO!!! #KCChiefs #ChiefsKingdom
OVERTIME! #ChiefsKingdom
One of the greats... I believe the last Chiefs game he watched we won the Super Bowl...
RT ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!?!?!
Meh. They'll cook just fine
RT
I loved you. Blocked and reported.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ sweet potatoes are fine GO CHIEFS!
That is sooo cute!
RT QB1 TAKES IT IN HIMSELF!!! 📺: #BUFvsKC on CBS
LET'S GO CHIEFS!! #OneTeamOneVision #Chiefs #chiefskingdom
That just about narrows it down. 🔥
He is likely largely responsible for our current state of affairs
I thought that is what our Twitter threads already are?
Geez.. that makes me sad in many ways.
Right?
RT To reach the ~youth~ we're going to have to make infosec sea shanties, aren't we? Guess so! Behold the tale of kid who reu…
RT We all thought Aaron Rodgers had a shot, which has happened before
Used Sony a6100 and a6400. They're both amazing and work great with a proper HD USB-C capture card
Wordle 218 4/6 🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩🟨⬛ 🟨🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Passing TDs in the 2022 NFL Playoffs TE Travis Kelce: 1 QB Aaron Rodgers: 0
Yeah Mike! Why all the negativity on a Sunday morning?
Kansas City!
Nice!
RT Remember Matt Damon called you all pussies for not buying Bitcoin at $64,000 in November
So VW has a nice Safe Mode feature that keeps unknown keys from being used to start the car. It also means a key can get unpaired from the car, requiring the car to be TOWED to the dealer to get resynced. Genius and ridiculous, all at the same time.
Progressive-wordle 217 4/6 🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Decision to go for it on 4th down when in prime field goal position and tied 16-16 with 7:14 left on the clock came back to haunt them.
BUT HER EMAILS PEOPLE!
I have luckily stayed pleasantly oblivious
The trek all in a canoe, or mixed?
RT The current state of the union:
Yeah, we will be giving them away in the coming months at conferences and such. Ignore the fakes in the replies.
That's a pretty high data rate, Mbps, by average. Also this is the US.
That 5G Ultra Capacity is 🔥👀
RT Curious about our new feature-packed free plan? Join on 26 January at 11 AM GMT, where he'll showcase all the enhan…
✌️ back at them! 💙😅
RT THE BATMAN is 2 hours and 55 minutes long because there is a section where Batman takes and break and watches TOM &amp; JE…
Keep your eyes open on ... We will be running some cool things soon in order to claim it!
Congrats! That's amazing work!
Because then you're in control
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Congrats!
RT Capitalism wouldn’t have become a global phenomenon without child labor, prison labor, and slave labor
And we aren't even at the same company!
RT If only there were a theory to explain why a group of white people has the power to unilaterally dictate what students learn a…
That is by far the worst thing to do with 💩
Depending on scope of "department", I have a 1:1 with someone outside my department at least weekly or biweekly
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! 🎉💙
I use Android.
I'm so sorry Brittany. I can't imagine how that felt.
Florida and Texas. I can make do with all the others.
I think that is one of the reasons it put some people off. It tells more of a story than most of the other Marvel movies.
That's just a terrible statement! Are they so narrow minded that they don't realise that mothers can be a mother (hell a PARENT) to a child they adopt just as much as a biological child.
RT You have exactly ONE WEEK left to get your abstracts submitted for #kcdc2022. Seven days, or (just over) 168 hours. If…
I dare say nothing is more frustrating than wanting to verify what Apple App subscriptions you have, and having to use iTunes (NOT the Apple App Store, because that would, you know, make way too much sense and be the proper UX) to find them - which is it's own level of hell.
So sorry for your loss Martin. Seems like an amazing woman!
Paging the House This is a terrible waste of taxpayer money, and the USPS has no business dealing in Ponzi schemes and unregulated industries ripe for extortion and scams. Especially since LeJoy still can't get the mail delivered on time.
What in the hell....? Terrible use of taxpayer money, and should be reviewed by The USPS has no business dealing in Ponzi schemes and unregulated industries ripe for extortion and scams.
A co-worker shared with me this amazing Emo playlist... 25hrs worth of goodness! #NowPlaying
RT NFTs are pogs for rich millennials whose parents wouldn't let them buy pogs as a kid "Bomb holographic slammer Bro, is tha…
Got way lucky on the first two Wordle 216 3/6 ⬛🟩⬛🟨⬛ ⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT since we're talking about wharton I would like to share some of my experiences there as a low-income undergrad. so at…
RT Looking for recommendations for an awesome community manager (mid-level) with experience in developer communities. Any sugg…
I look forward to some of the great tweets returning
"Logan". The last, and best, Wolverine movie. I was in India for 2 weeks running DevRel for a company as a consultant, and the movie released. I had to go.
RT BREAKING: Black citizens of America are Americans. #MitchPlease
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Sights a Sail of Stars -
I experienced this in New Delhi back in 2017. Was watching "Logan" and halfway through, it just stopped, and everyone just got up and left the theater. I was hella confused, until I saw people come back in with food and I realized what was going on.
Ozark Season 4 Part 1 is now LIVE... I know what I'll be doing this weekend
I've had the unfortunate experience of walking past Doc Marten retail stores in the UK many times, but somehow only when they're closed.
Maximum observability
Baratza Vario, Ode has some good ones
I mean, look at this! 2+ acres of land, a big "main house", an apartment for me and Helen (aka "mother-in-law apartment"), barn, apple orchard, and vegetable gardens
Have you not been listening when I talk to you all about moving here?
Do it. Then you're only 3 hours away.
Best gang
Hey now... I'm 45.
I don't know how I've snoozed on this, but just started watching "After Life", and it's so good, so raw, so emotional. is really good in this role.
Consistency lol
It's always that first time
Normally that beagle, Alice, wants only her snout uncovered, but Tuesday it was her own ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Biscuit
Hopefully minimal symptoms and it passes quickly!
My boy... Riding in style
The bathroom though, Will! The BATHROOM!!!!
Please tell me you let him stay in the seat as you drive around
I have so many old Android source repos in mine that it would take a long time to remove them all, so I just leave them.
Wait... Wait... M&amp;Ms are healthy? And an M&amp;M Blizzard is good for me? Hold my protein shake.
Condolences, and so sorry to hear this. ❤️
RT Maybe if we call it the Voting Whites Act, Republicans will vote to pass it.
There are two beagles underneath these blankets
Wait... Did you upgrade your "phone" for this activity? I feel like I'm missing some vital steps and details.
Tim gets it.
RT This part. This is the part that AWS, Azure &amp; their respective community heroes/MVPs/evangelists miss. Acknowledge the proble…
¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯ but now I think I shall try to slip past the phishing filters
This explains why my emails are ignored
What in the?
Wordle 215 4/6 ⬛🟨⬛⬛🟩 ⬛⬛⬛🟨🟩 🟨⬛🟨⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Today's Image of the Day: Peering Through a Window to the World -
RT "Well there aren't any good ways to handle something like this." Really? What about "coordinating a full on blog post on th…
Have the same one. It's solid.
I will permit this as a wrong answer because the truest answer of all is "blood, sweat, and tears" (h/t / )
I don't wanna
Nah... I answer when I get to them ¯\(◉‿◉)/¯ Might just archive all but Dec 2021 on.
Dude... this new profile pic is infectious!
I personally gave up keeping it reasonable a _long_ time ago
RT I'm not at all 'anti-crypto.' I'm a big fan of cryptography. I am, however, anti- tax evasion, money laundering, ponzi schemes,…
RT Cory Booker: "Don't lecture me about Jim Crow. I know this is not 1965. That's what makes me so outraged. It's 2022, and they'…
What is this mythical community of meat pumps?
RT Congratulations to for winning this year’s #DevOpsDozen award for Best CI/CD Tool! 🏆 See more winners:
RT How do you tell if software was written by a bunch of Americans? You can only do 2FA with a phone number and numbers m…
Yesss!
RT Thanks to the life-saving work by scientists and our government’s top medical experts, we have COVID-19 vaccines to protec…
I've seen that one
Oh spot on
Exactly.
Good!
As much as it would make complete sense, it's been debunked
Or is he hinting that he'll be in the next movie? Either way I'm happy
Oh no... Are you all ok?
RT
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering Trailblazing Pilot Charles McGee -
Word-that-took-entirely-too-long-le 214 5/6 🟨⬛⬛🟨🟨 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 ⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩 ⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
It's a rough morning
PSA: It's Wednesday.
LOL ok. Thanks!
Wait, that's the _wrong_ answer?
As I understand it, in order to get absolute numbers they have to send every single test off for extra testing to determine the variant, which isn't feasible. So the % of a group of cases is the best we have.
Wow! Such awesomeness! Congrats Ian!
Alright... I think I'm sold on this... Dang it
And The Used... Dang. I want to go.
$$$$$$$
At this stage, that's probably worth an upgraded level!
Yep.
RT its almost like what will finally kill wordpress...is founder mode
I mean, plenty of companies the last year have laid people off only to hire the roles back in a year. Plenty of examples, one in particular....
Never fails.... A company has an area that's vibrant and generating pipeline, and then they lay them off... Ruining all the goodwill and share of voice... To then have to hire back those roles a year later... And it will take twice as long to win back the hearts and minds.
The headline.
A lot of really great information given here… With such a great focus on responsibile, sustainable, and automated approaches. Love this talk! Definitely watch the video when it is released! - George at #Monktoberfest
Choose inputs to your irrigation system wisely - and add some sort of system is wise, especially as the climate changes. Upgrade existing instead of move to new systems. Fix leaks, and look for automation. Rachio 3 Smart Sprinkler Controller is his fave - George at #Monktoberfest
Find your workflow… Add instead of remove. Overseed instead of scrape. This helps to build healthy soil and allow the nutrients to work. Healthy turf is the best weed barrier. Mulch is your friend. Don’t remove turf - astro turf is never the answer. - George at #Monktoberfest
Moving up in size of your landscaping, you add complexity - and you need to have a plan in mind. First thing is to figure out what your needs are, and what fits those needs. You’re going to iterate, and re-iterate. Define the MVP for each step. - George at #Monktoberfest
When you buy a home you inherity the previous owners approach to “landscaping”… and sometimes it is overwhelming. There are only so many square feet/meters that you can use - so sometimes it’s just a tomato plant. - George at #Monktoberfest
We’re talking about our responsibilities in our outside spaces to ourselves - to have spaces that make us want to be outside and touch grass. But also to the climate, ecosystem, critters, and our neighbors. Add value. - George at #Monktoberfest
This talk is about The Outside - which triggers a few of the software engineers in the audience who look a bit confused. He explains it softly, and using small words. I think the audience is back on his side. - George at #Monktoberfest
And now for something completely different at #Monktoberfest Day 2…. “Let the Robots Do It” by George. Having had a lot of different roles, he went back to school in 2020 for software engineering. He also has a love for landscaping - which is an adventure in the Denver area.
OH: It's not a win if you were never gonna lose
Do the thing for your friend so they don’t have to (grudges, soap boxes, etc.). And be there. Check in. They don’t always have to reply. But be there. But be there for yourself to. And be excellent to each other. - and at #Monktoberfest
Stand up for your friends, and help them step out from the “cone of shame”. Your job is to ensure that the dogpile doesn’t continue. And sometimes set a boundary around them for them. - and at #Monktoberfest
How do you keep your humanity and friendship intact during those difficult moments online? Stand up and ask for help - communicate - give them the tools to support, and the ability to do so. And disagreements can be respectful. - and at #Monktoberfest
Someone is always wrong on the internet and sometimes that’s you. Own your mistakes, especially when you can learn new data and grow. Sometimes that is felt through your friendships - which is hard. But we should learn and adapt. - and at #Monktoberfest
You're assuming I wasn't in one when I wrote this. Also, you have met me.
SQL is my happy place
OH: "Mongodb also does this, but I'm too ashamed to put them up there." Literally me:
This was a great quote
At the Amsterdam Open Source Data Infrastructure Meetup and hearing from Dave Pitts at Adyen about "Beyond B-trees, looking at columnar storage and LSM trees"
#soon
Fantastic! Can't wait.
Yeah, I meant Farmers of course
Damn it... Farmers commercial. I blame the transatlantic flight and assorted bevies.
Sometimes it's great to see when those who've done a thing for a long time and have the community's best interest at heart all have the same thoughts and opinions and reactions to something, independent of each other. It's almost like an Allstate commercial.
Yeah…
RT To continue the digestion metaphor: If the last decade was about software eating the world, the next decade is going to b…
Katelyn is correct. They're delicious. Tim, you suck. Did I miss anything?
I evidently slept on "Love, Death, and Robots"... But Episode 1 is amazing.
💯👇👇💯 This is gold! The whole thread is fantastic, but this right here... 🫰
Every time I am in London, I try to walk the Thames at night. It's gorgeous, and because of the weather I've always had different pics of the same sites. Go to Tower Bridge, get roasted peanuts, then cross to Tower of London, and then walk West towards Westminster.
Yeah the great thing is you get a great tour of central London and can identify the things you really want to spend more time at.
For Indian food, you can't go wrong with the Brick Lane area. Use Apple Pay / Google Pay for the Underground and buses and Google Maps is your best source for transit.
If I recall correctly, the other Nebula replaced her android face pieces in order to look like the "real" Nebula
Do you have a referral code?
RT Laura Ingraham has a segment called ‘Positively Boosted’ where she gloats and laughs about vaccinated people who test po…
I chose long form, but I do prefer a mix of long form and a video that compliments the activity being performed
That's why tech people love socks
As of right now, these might be your best bets
Mmm just right
What region?
Wrong answers Mark
That's the best center
Really hard when you fall
DOH! So... _maybe_?
Ugh! I wish!
I knew it seemed to good to be true
Not sure if wrong answer... or... 🤨 🧐
I said wrong answers only Mat
I've been in the wrong communities
a community tootsie roll? Hmm, sounds like a blast
I don't even want to know... I hate dentists
You sir... win all teh internets
Tech Twitter: I have a friend who has spent the last few yrs in Tech Support at a SaaS company, most recently in upper leadership, who is looking for their next step! Anyone aware of openings, please reply here and I'll make sure they (or anyone else for that matter) are aware.
What's at the heart of community, wrong answers only?
I'm assuming right answers... Trust
Lynx
Today's Image of the Day: Drilling Holes on the Red Planet -
RT Martin Luther King Jr.’s name will forever ring throughout history. His words and actions went above the rest and still crea…
RT Imagine if JFK, MLK, RFK and Malcolm X had not been assassinated. Imagine how different of a world it would be today if th…
Today's game we all hate 213 4/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟨⬛🟨 🟩🟨🟨⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT Can too much automation become a bad thing? Join this Wednesday at 10 AM GMT, where we'll be revealing the industr…
Wow! Glad you're warm
How much snow did you get?
Encanto is a really good movie.
RT Folks who are afraid of critical race theory want you to think MLK slipped on a banana peel.
RT Kings, on their wedding day.
RT "I think the tragedy is that we have a Congress with a Senate that has a minority of misguided senators who will use the fil…
I've been reading "Will" by and it's such a good, honest, soul-baring book. I highly recommend it.
Congrats Jeff! That's great!
So my high school senior is playing Assassin with friends from school (you draw a name and try to shoot them with nerf or water guns when they least expect it), and my daughter is selling them all out to each other. She's an informant. Working all sides.
RT Love love love this 🤣
RT With the King family marching today, we remember that the fight for voting rights takes perseverance. As Dr. King said, “T…
That it did… a theme so broad and sweeping it could only become an epic story
Got a bit lucky here Wordle 212 3/6 🟩⬛🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT 🧵 Family, Tomorrow, there will be people tweeting about my father and #MLKDay who are complicit in, complacent about and…
Sure seemed like a normal Dallas team ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
Aww 😂💙
And the other linemen joining him to celebrate with so much joy was awesome
RT HOW DID WE GET ON THE BAD TIMELINE
Fuck that noise.
If only...
One of these days
RT "This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor." --Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., 1968
QT with a B&amp;W photo of yourself
RT please god someone give me the confidence of DAO people thinking they now own the copyright to Dune because they bought a c…
RT 🖤
And I bet the city is shut down for the next few days
Wordle 211 4/6 ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟩⬛🟨 🟩⬛🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Probably House 4 as well, but on the same street as 1, 3, and 8
Aww hello Apollo!
You got something there
Thanks. It's been just over 2 months since my booster, so I'm in the ideal time to get it if I were going to get it. They're all doing fine - wouldn't know any of them are sick. ┐( ˘_˘)┌
Definitely both
Sorry to hear about your son, Dawn. One of my teens who was recently boosted, sneezed twice &amp; coughed &amp; that's been the extent of their symptoms. The other teen, supposed to get boosted next week, has had a slight sore throat for a day or so &amp; that was the extent of theirs.
I've avoided it up until now, even with being in-person at conferences since August. I'm bound to get it, and now is as good a time I guess. We'll do it as a family! 😆😅😂🤣😭
Back home after a week to two of my teenagers (1 2vax, 1 3vax) with COVID, with hardly a symptom between them. Making the conscious decision to just step right in instead of a hotel for a few days, wear a mask, and socially distance in my house. If I get it, I get it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
RT Distributed work is here to stay - but the plot twist is that FAANG companies become the laggards with their donut cathed…
Unofficial Roy Kent is the best Roy Kent
RT When anti-vaxxers get COVID, why do they go to emergency rooms? Why don’t they stick with natural immunity instead of je…
RT there is nothing more permanent than a temporary workaround
RT Never seen anything like this
Wow.
"Heaven"
QuickBooks is like $15/mo I think?
For personal use? We've used Mint for years.
The Cleveland airport "British" pub has Boddingtons on tap. I'm happy.
This I can get behind! #Justified is to this day one of my all-time favourite TV shows, and #JustifiedCityPrimeval sure sounds good
I missed a day or two somehow... But back strong Wordle 210 3/6 ⬛⬛🟨🟩🟨 🟩⬛🟨🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
You got the look
Pinging
And tbf, neither PJ nor myself remember much of what happened after this point.
Especially after last night, amirite ?
Then I'm protected to the nth degree
Shitty replies are shitty
This is insanity.
RT 🛠️🧰 Discover new community tools We surveyed community builders and #cmgr about the tools they use daily and used the find…
I know people who used to, if that's helpful?
So excited for the next thing! CONGRATS 🎉 👏
I mean, who knows your wants, err needs, better than you?
RT If you’re opposed to kids learning about racism in school you don’t get to take MLK Day off of work.
Sorry you're having that experience! I would be happy to help answer your questions, and if I can't I will find someone who can! Feel free to DM me!
That's great Joel!
RT Following this advice means you either don't hire global teams or you treat the folks out of your primary employee regi…
RT We're only 45 minutes from going live. Join us if you can!
We can gladly help get this rolling. Let me know what you need
RT so i wrote a thing about distributed work
I feel like I saw post some recently? But I can't find them now.
And if I may add to that, the new free plan provides the most credits and features for public projects over anyone else out there. Would love to hear what you're looking at building! My DMs are open.
Yeah don't hesitate to reach out!
Not fucking today
RT Impossible to describe this scene from Dallas City Council this morning but I’m begging you to click, you will not reg…
I thought we were the ones who are supposed to take our clothes off and get vaccinated in our thongs
Fair.
You're just jealous Brandon
I'll carry him out if needed
Drinking with my good friend in a hot tub. Can it get any better? I submit to you that it cannot.
Congrats to your wife and you! So exciting!! 🎉
RT ⁦ DevOps trends indicative of people hopping back on their comp to fix things same day with recovery durations dr…
RT talk at #CodeMash shows duration for a CI run dropped in 04-2020. Devs were shoring up of core business. It took…
RT Spider-Man: Homecoming Spider-Man 2: Far From Home Spider-Man 3: No Way Home Spider-Man 4: Work From Home Spider-Man 5…
Today's Image of the Day: Color Explosion; Beautiful Earth -
If you're currently at #CodeMash, come catch my talk about DevOps, a global pandemic, and better practices (and metrics) for software development in Indigo Bay room here at 1030a.
What-a-pain 207 6/6 ⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛ ⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩 🟨🟩⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
O. M. G. So cute!! 😍🥰
Damn it. Which model now? 🤩
Can you display two inputs on the screen at once?
Does it have the built in KVM and side by side dual inputs?
I'm thinking about the 49" ultrawide... 乁( •_• )ㄏ
Coach Roy will stand for me as one of the greatest coaches to ever coach at Kansas, and there aren't many. #RCJH #Jayhawks
RT Now is the time for the U.S. Senate to do the right thing and call a vote on crucial voting rights legislation. Future gen…
And it's very rarely good when it does
RT The Top 3 Themes for Software Leaders in 2022 | Listen to take on where software is headed and hear about the upcomin…
Proud to announce that the CFP for #cdCon 2022 is OPEN!!!!
And universal healthcare
Right? I'm finally included in something
Oh no... ¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯
OH: "It's a free range, open source chicken"
Oh this is gonna be good
RT OH: "how come nobody is doing a loyalty card for covid?"
RT Get the most for your minute on CircleCI. Start with up to 6,000 free build minutes per month on the fastest #CICD platform…
RT The is hiring a Head of Community Programs and I couldn't be more excited for them! If you're experienced i…
Today's Image of the Day: Baby Stars in the Orion Constellation -
#Docker Layer Caching is now included on our FREE plan, along with some amazing stuff! Check out the quick primer in this video, and then more on
Or condolences
Hah... we joined on the same day, a year apart!
You're welcome for all the amazing nothingness that has been this twitter account for the past 11 years. Here's to 11 more! 🍻 #MyTwitterAnniversary
He wasn't wrong. At all.
We are in the worst timeline. Hands down.
RT Hey, I don’t know if y’all know this, or if it’s been said before, but I just wanna let it be known that in my opinion, the…
This would be amazing, and assist tons of projects around the world
WordUple 206 3/6 ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩 Lucked out here
And white nationalists coopted it as well
RT ✅ Unlimited users ✅ 6,000 build minutes ✅ 30 concurrent job runs ✅ 5 self-hosted runners ✅ #Docker layer caching ✅ Private or…
If you have an air fryer, season them up and throw them in for 20-30 minutes, and then put them in the fridge for the week. Slice them when you need them. Alternative to the air fryer is cook them on the stove with a cast iron skillet.
'Excel File That Was Saved Weird" got me 💀
RT Moxie’s analysis of web3 is really, really good. I had no idea about a lot of this stuff.
RT At CircleCI our mission is to help teams deliver software faster and better. We’re so confident that you’ll be successful wit…
Who doesn't like free? How about a FREE plan that's BOOSTED with all the things that you need to get started making something incredible, or to take what you have to the next level? This is a great step for us at CircleCI!
Today's Image of the Day: The Milky Way's Supermassive Black Hole Has a Leak -
Oddly spot on.
Ummm
A really nice collection of cli tools!
I'm looking forward to presenting at 2022, April 12-14, in Atlanta, GA! Register and hear me talk about the wild world of Release, Deploy, CI/CD, and more!
It me.
RT Join us tomorrow for our live interview with author of DevOps for Dummies, hosted by as they discu…
OMG! Happy Birthday !!
Today's Image of the Day: Sidney Poitier's Visit to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory -
MCI 🛫 DTW
W**dle 205 5/6 ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛ ⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
F F F F
Pre-flight mimosa this morning during boarding
Yet again, it seems like scientists need to watch some sci-fi
You're raising her right.
That's absolutely what most ISPs did before they became large corporations. Sure homes could have been the data centers / web servers of the future, but the internet matured and no one wanted to have to run and manage all of the services needed for a website. Hence *aaS.
I mean, one's a brain teaser and the other is a brain worm...
RT Bob Saget was a beloved and boundary-pushing comedian. He’ll be missed.
Yeah, the "common cold" has been going around with a vengeance here. Knocked my wife flat for 5 days.
Oh for sure! He was consistently on the local radio show here with and just a huge heart and genuine person.
That looks amazing!
Oh yeah. People would be shocked, thinking they were going to see "the dad from Full House"
Oh come on! 💔😢 Another one down... #RIPBobSaget
Yep. It's so good.
Look at how Holden approaches helping people
Solid movie. Worth a rewatch I think this week
It's dark, but there's a lot of hope. James Holden embodies so much of that but it's dirty.
What is? Not sure what I'm supposed to see here?
RT the most important rule of being an open source maintainer: "never merge a pull request bigger than your head"
Everything in this thread. Likely irreparable damage has been done to our healthcare system and the people who give of themselves. 💙
I'll take some too. Kthx
Congrats to and ! This is awesome and I can't wait for the first images!
Well done Quebec
RT The same reason the FCC doesn’t take away your license to tweet stupid questions.
Picked back up with a win That which shall not be named 204 5/6 ⬛⬛🟩🟨⬛ ⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
It's the first Deez Nutz joke I've ever done. I was a bit proud of myself.
Me: What does DnD stand for? Wife: Dungeons and Dragon- Me: Draggin' Deez nuts across your face. Wife: 🤦‍♀️ Me:
I'm a bit miffed that they're going to end the show by cramming a ton into the final episode.
Honestly, there's so much to see, I recommend getting one of the big red bus passes, figure out a route that takes you by the things you want to see, and then you can hop on/hop off anywhere on that specific bus's route.
RT this from is just wonderful. i properly laughed out loud
Absolutely hard agree 💯! I am so sad I missed this talk...
Hey this you?
"tasting tour of the zoo" was not something I thought I wanted until now
I definitely considered it, but didn't want to be confused with the amazing organizers! But, hell - I'll pack it anyway 😀
Those are awesome! We had almost the same colour for this year!
RT just so everyone knows (AWS) and (Google) are both doing crucial work helping the industry move to…
OMFG!!!! This is amazing!
RT This is what greatness looks like 💍
But what do we know?
Especially when the events take place like 100 years before the things we are all familiar with.
RT we've come up with a pretty sweet giveaway idea. if anyone's interested in sponsoring, ping
RT If God causes natural disasters and DeSantis is a “good Christian” then why does God keep dumping out his bong water on…
Congrats this is great news!! You're gonna continue the awesome things you were already doing and then go even higher!
Does still have good free plan options for this sort of thing? Pinging
With a positive developer experience, you have a really good chance that the DevOps principles you're trying to implement can take hold within your organization. So I wrote a little about this connection between #DevEx and #DevOps.
Even though I've had a vasectomy (🤘🎉🤘), I think you need to have a few of these every year in order to keep it going
Affirmative.
👇👇👇👇
RT The “people miss out on advancement if they’re remote” takes should really read “outdated models of company culture have…
RT I urge everyone to to give if you can. If you're not in a position to give right now please retweet. Thank you.
Ahh yes. Christian Capitalism. The core of Jesus's Gospel. Shame on you
Tell me you're having trouble hiring people without telling me you're having trouble hiring people to your toxic POS company.
Goldberg was solid. From what I recall, wrestlers weren't excited about wrestling w/ him as they would feel it for days afterwards. I went to one of the last WCW PPVs which was in Kansas City, Slamboree 2000. I was in the front row by the Spanish announcers and on TV all night.
RT Linux is the most successful open source project ever, but why? I break it all down and cover six key reasons why:
Wordle 203 X/6 ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟨 ⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛ ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛ Got stuck where my brain wasn't processing a certain letter as a possibility 🤨😑
RT Truth bomb.
I haven't! I've done other burnt ends, but those sound amazing!
I love the 590!
And we are done. Not bad... The strips that aren't as wide cooked a bit quicker, but overall there's a good smoke flavor to these. If I did it again, I would pull just a bit sooner, maybe at the 20min mark instead of 30.
Some are already done, the rest have a few more minutes. So difficult to judge with the way bacon cooks.
"You have bacon, we know you do."
Best web3 summary 🧵
We go through about 3-4 (12oz) bags per month, but that's brewing coffee not espresso. A subscription ( can get you a good variety of espresso beans at a price point you choose (and signing up gets us both a free bag!).
Coming along nicely now at 400F, probably another 10-15 minutes or so
It's in the mail
And before you ask, yes , you're invited
Decided to try smoking some thick-cut bacon this morning. 30 minutes on low temp, high smoke, to be followed by 30min at 400F to cook in the smoke flavor.
One of the things I enjoy the most with for my coffee subscription, is we get to try coffees from different roasters around the nation. I have to say this is the first time I've had coffee from a roaster in South Dakota! A nice Costa Rica from
Feel free to reach out
🎉🎉 congrats for all you accomplished, and for what lies ahead!
What else is gonna catch all the crap?
It depends
RT Through his groundbreaking roles and singular talent, Sidney Poitier epitomized dignity and grace, revealing the power of…
What an icon! Sir Sidney Poitier will be missed! #RIPSidneyPoitier
Not even taking into account countries _still_ paying England for their "freedom" after colonisation
RT Ken Exner and I presented a leadership session at re:Invent on abstractions and developer tooling at AWS. There's garbag…
Wordle 202 4/6 🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛ 🟩🟩⬛⬛🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Today's Image of the Day: Waiting to Unfold -
So you know how much of a coffee snob I am, right? This coffee I found _actually_ is good. Way better than any other shit that people try to brew in their Keurig. I have an extra box I can send you if you want to try it before purchasing.
For #devopspartygames uses something in Twitch/OBS
Sex does as well 乁( •_• )ㄏ
And then, put that _same_ swab into your nostrils? WTF?
This. +9001 hand claps.
GitHub Actions is cool, but have you tried triggering your CircleCI pipelines from within your GitHub Actions workflow? Well now you can, and our updated FREE plan gives you even more flexibility and power than ever before. Find out more at
RT So, starting today we are reviewing if and how our current policy on crypto donations fits with our climate goals. And as we c…
RT Oh, to be a goldfish, driving its own car, feeling the wind in its fins. (HT
RT Y'all, I got these stickers from and my heart had grown 3 sizes. Warm, inclusive, friendly, positive, and holog…
Wordle 201 5/6 ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛ ⬛🟩🟩⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT If you treat your employees like resources to be used and discarded, they'll treat you the same. Invest in them and you'l…
It is so good... Here's a good compilation that has me rolling
RT saddest thing about Matt Damon's macho-baiting crypto pitch where the viewer must ACT NOW or he's a weak pussy is that…
RT Remember Officer Eugene Goodman today.
Sounds about right.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots Star-Hatching frEGGs! -
RT The people who told us to just get over the January 6 insurrection are celebrating the anniversary of the January 6 insu…
Very nice. I have the Encore and thinking about an upgrade
The Jr. High where my 8th grader goes has started the last half of the school year with masks optional, and so today he wore his over his chin to "confuse and piss off everyone at the same time."
I've avoided it successfully, even with all the events and travel I did from late Aug-Dec. But yeah, it's a matter of when at this point I think.
RT the transition of libertarian guys from pretending they’re gonna 3d print a gun and overthrow the govt to calling the cop…
RT Check it out! The annual Year End Wrap Up episode of is live! featuring
RT If crypto enthusiasts think decentralization matters, than having centralized marketplaces (and wallets) would be a dealbreak…
RT I'm going on record again just so there is no ambiguity. The current incarnation of cryptocurrency and NFTs can only lead to m…
I've used my iPad as an external monitor via Sidecar. By default it extends the display.
Great 🧵 on managing people remotely. I have a few I need to work on myself.
Love that you're using the correct term 🤠
Wordle 200 4/6 ⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨 ⬛⬛🟨🟩🟩 🟩🟩⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Pretty cool!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s X-59 Kicks Off 2022 in Texas for Ground Testing -
RT INT. JERRY’S APARTMENT GEORGE: Somebody hacked my apes. They’re all gone. JERRY: All gone? GEORGE: Every single one!…
Makes such a difference, especially if the one before doesn't have replaceable burrs. What did you get?
And not just blocked, but have it as a search term to spam, etc
And I hope you know that you are loved.
Interesting breakdown of simply the costs to entry of "w**3" and comparison to the existing web
Beat you to it
Lazy? Bored? Self-resigned to feel shitty? Tirrreeedddd?
It was a popcorn kernel stuck to the bottom of my foot
Timeline cleanser
So the underside of my foot has been hurting for the last few hours, and I thought it was my plantar fasciitis acting up (which sucks as it's been gone for 2 years), and so I finally went to rub the spot. And it was a popcorn kernel that I evidently had stepped on. Hours ago. 💀
But seriously, it's out of caring and respect that I tell you to put work down at 9pm.
To which I stupidly responded with, "Oh I can."
Such a good choice, with good harmony
Did you really have to wonder?
"hair grows back"... Until it doesn't. Enjoy what you have when you have it before you're like me trying to hold on to what I have
RT 'Wounded' is carrying a lot of weight there.
Good selection 🖤💙🖤💙
Oh yes... Love some angsty emo. What's on the list?
What the heck is "Preemptive Love"? 🤨🤔
I will provide support in any capacity necessary
RT I declare 2022 the Year of the Nap
I can imagine their face when you said, "It's Friendster thank you very much!"
RT Ok Youtubers, holidays are over, now stop slacking and get tf back to work as I need your content for my cooking and dishwashi…
Congrats Aaron! Exciting!
This one was harder Wordle 199 5/6 🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬛🟨⬛⬛🟩 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 ⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
RT 1/ In the strongest terms possible, I want to condemn the reckless politicization of the military in the past week.
Oh noes. Hope you get better soon!
Something something hypocrites
Let me know what we can do to support you!
This is awesome! Do you think you could share it with our community at ?
Captivating 🧵
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Headquarters Photographers Pick Their Best -
1
And?
RT Bitcoin is the largest pyramid scheme in world history.
I have plenty of slippery slopes, but not one with a kneeling chair
What in the...? Nope. But my youngest? Yes please.
RT “The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spirit…
Yikes lol
RT Hi, I'm sure that whoever runs this account has no idea who I am, but I founded and I'm here to say fuck you and…
RT One of western modernity’s greatest cruelties is the fact that couples are expected to raise newborns alone. I’ll never…
Oh I have been Tim.
RT NEW: Boosters for 12-15 year olds get approval from the FDA for Pfizer vaccine. 5 month spacing from second shot recommende…
Mmhmm, sure.
You've singlehandedly kept the men's section of Lululemon alive during the pandemic
Yesss. We got that one amazingly comfortable t-shirt at that one conference years ago, and keep trying to replicate it with _every damn t-shirt each startup has_
So "wordle" will still get through!
I'm right here Adam.
You'd think I would learn from all my previous attempts to participate in the viral "tell me X or Y about me", but nope. I don't.
"I never eat anything I have to dip in sauce myself. Drizzle it on for me, I'm not your MAID!"
Nice call-out... I'll check them out.
I usually give them 30 mins, and then anything above that is consulting. If it's someone I know, I'm a whole lot more flexible, but still let them know that there's a cap on how much time I can spend, and they should look for a consultant if they need more handholding.
Kicking off the first week of the New Year is this absolutely perfect Kenya Gaturiri Peaberry from It's been a long time since I've had a Peaberry, and this one was well worth the wait, delivered just in time by
You're going to have to be more specific
Today's Image of the Day: The James Webb Telescope Lights Up the Sky During Launch -
I bet you'll be "pissed" instead
Wordle 198 3/6 🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Following the suit of others and doing this in a thread Wordle 197 6/6 ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟩🟨⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
WOW! Mine was 3 today
Day 2 of #Wordle off to a great start Wordle 198 3/6 🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
The music video wasn't as dark as I expected
No piercings for me
Samesies
Right? Luckily we have it off since Jan 1 was on a weekend.
RT If you have hope for a better year ahead, you still have to do something. Get vaxxed. Limit socializing. Call people out o…
Yeah... And here we are? Lol
Wife had the old version with the non-replaceable battery and it eventually ran out. Had to buy a new one.
Good ones! Will add those to next year.
Each result is its own NFT Wordle 197 6/6 ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟩🟨⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Wordle 197 6/6 ⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛🟩🟨⬛ ⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨 🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
What is this?
So tomorrow... It's SLEEP DAY! Who's with me?
Thankfully.
LOL. Skyrim I think.
Hm read all of that differently... ¯\(°_o)/¯
I'm watching the game...What?
RT Let's hope for some great learning and sharing in the #AppSec 2022 year. Sharing is caring ;)
OH: "I'm going to kill some penis!" (said by oldest heading down to play some video games)
Darn, you win.
This seems cathartic!
Beagles are hunkered down
Does this work for teenagers?
RT Nothing happened. I protect you from the government, not from Twitter. And I protect Twitter from being forced to carr…
Sorry to hear Matty! Hope you all are able to stay healthy.
RT Let women shitpost
Oh yes.
Yeah had sleet and a dusting of snow yesterday
Same.
4 degrees F (-16C)... WTF?
Yeah a lot of options now when you "add an attachment"
Yeah, and they now added the ability to search for and include gifs
These stats are just B*t*c*o**n... Add all the other web3 shenanigans in and it's got to be insane..
Somewhat soon!
Yeah it really is.
Just Day by Day mate, day by day
And for the third movie, a late switch from The Three Amigos to Guardians of the Galaxy Part One. [4/4]
I'll hold the other one.
Next up is the "classic" Godspell... The hippie vibes are strong with this one [3/?]
This year's first, is The Last Samurai. While critically panned, and lacking in historical accuracy, it's a solid movie and one of the few I think Cruise does well in.
Every year, we watch 3 movies on New Year's Day with our kids. The first is always a good, solid movie they've not seen. The second is a ridiculous movie, and the third is The Three Amigos. [1/?]
I didn't realize that picked the new release name already
Legend.
And no need of a Xerox to make copies
Yup. It's how we got our steps in.
#RIPBettyWhite
RT If you had told me 8 years ago that things were going to get much much sillier, I probably would've laughed, but here we are.
Ahh... That smile and laugh. 💙🤣😂
RT Dead? You fools. She has sailed into the West, and will remain Betty White.
Congratulations!
Not funny after the last 2 years
Happy New Year Emily! One of the top highlights was finally sharing a meal, drinks, and laughs together. Hopefully it won't be as long until the next time.
Same, it's such a wholesome feeling
Ahh with special feelings
RT A documentary:
#RIPBetty
#RIPBettyWhite
Fuckin hell 😢💔
NO! #ripBettyWhite
Well worth the read on tech debt
No lie in this tweet. Happy birthday
OH: "Like a really, really long time ago. Literally last year."
RT Tabloid journalism.
I howl for sure
RT NEW: some 🔥🔥🔥 from ahead of Trump's first visit to Capitol Hill since he unleashed an insurrection on Januar…
RT Greedy CEOs-You don’t deserve another bonus. You don’t need a third yacht or a fifth house. What you need is to pay workers a l…
RT jesus can still see your likes
RT If you feel the need to protect your "Likes" on a social media site, you're liking stuff that you shouldn't be liking.
What an awesome free kick goal from LFG
You know, I think it's like baseball where a .300 batting average gets you serious consideration for best all time
This explains so many of our interactions Horace
How shall we commiserate this week?
RT The quality of your technical documentation is a mirror of your internal engineering culture
I'm going to miss #RenderATL for the first time, and I am all sorts of gutted. has a special place in my heart, and I am sending positive vibes to and the rest of the amazing team.
Geez, now I'm even more gutted I won't be there this year! Enjoy!
Looking forward to next week! Who will I see there? Hit me up and let's connect. But first, get your ticket!
RT EXCLUSIVE UNDERCOVER AUDIO: Sam Alito x John Roberts x The Undercurrent 🧵 1/ Justice Alito admits lack of impartiality wit…
I decided to put some of my thoughts on how #DevEx has evolved over the years, specifically from the "IDE history" portion of this talk, into a new blog post:
Love this for you, and can't wait to see and hear more Tim! 🤘🙌
Biscuit says, "Enjoy tonight, cause tomorrow is Monday."
I love Poland, it's a large part of my ancestry as well, and have been fortunate to travel all over the country. I'll pass conferences I see there your way!
Definitely approved
RT I hope everyone gets to work with their best friend at least once in their lifetime. I know I can’t wait to finally do…
I've heard good things fwiw
Done
Ok so you don't want to do the manual work? Then I recommend one of the newer Breville Nespresso setups. Simple, basic, and a _decent_ espresso each time.
Who the hell are those douchenozzles?
Alright... - space limitations? - technical desire to learn steaming milk and pulling shots? - type of grinder you already have? - price constraints?
RT IT'S THREEEE!!! 🔥 #MUFC | #MUNBUR
RT JADOOOONN!!! 🥶🌪 #MUFC | #MUNBUR
RT Birthday banner for Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford. The #MUFC great turns 80 on New Year’s Eve
RT i have way too much impostor syndrome for a guy living in a society that lets ben shapiro brand himself as smart
Today's Image of the Day: Images of 2021: International Space Station Transits the Sun -
RT Everyone who works in DevRel deserves to be recognized as distinct from everyone else in DevRel. The field is way too d…
You mean, like voting? You're like, really bad at your job...
That whole album is just a delicious piece of ear candy. Thanks for reminding me of it, I'll be listening again!
RT Look, I can state very clearly that I am not fan of the company that Chloe is working for and I have questions around that. Bu…
RT ME: Is he going to make it? DOCTOR: No. I’m afraid he’s down with the sickness ME: *crying* oohwahahahah DOCTOR: *holds h…
The pork butt came off, rested, and then was shredded. The turkey breast is now on. [5/?]
RT Things I’ve learned in 2021, a 🧵
When brined in cranberry juice, the turkey breast always takes on a nice, pink hue. Now it's into a bag to marinate for a few hours. [4/?]
No problem found here in this 🧵😂🤣
So, yes it was. Doh!
They are good, and bring out more of what Kubrick really wanted for the movie, that dark humor.
Are you just now seeing them?
Rich. It's always there.
One thing I like doing with pork butt is cutting it open, laying it out flat, and then cutting it into country style ribs
The 7pb turkey breast is brining in a cran juice, brown sugar, poultry rub, and kosher salt mixture. It'll be in this mixture until around 10a tomorrow, when I'll remove it, wash it, and then stick in a bag with olive oil and the rub to season, then in the smoker around 1p. [3/?]
The pork butt was washed, dried, and then I put zesty Italian dressing as the base and applied a sweet KC style rub and then it will go into the smoker around 11pm. [2/?]
We have some friends coming over tomorrow, and so I'm throwing in a 10lb pork butt tonight for pulled pork BBQ sandwiches (14hr smoke), and then will throw in a turkey breast tomorrow mid-day, and then brats mid-afternoon. Gonna be some good eatin'. [1/?]
😢🧸
RT The CDC says you may now deploy your Jupyter notebook experiments to production to speed things up, no need to hurry to move…
Ahh yes.. the time-honored "Hire all the Dev Advocates to shill for us" routine
Boom... Branching into NFTs as well!
Efficiency at its finest.
So today has been a successful one. Split and stacked a cord of wood from a maple tree we cut down last year, along with half a cord (not pictured) from a mulberry tree. I'm pooped.
RT Let this be the year we stop making underrepresented folks prove how technical they are, in ways we don’t require of their p…
On a cool, wet morning, this Guatemalan coffee from hits the spot. Arrived a few days early via and seriously had me almost removing what I had in the hopper just to get at it, but glad I waited.
Absolutely! It came at just the right moment, when we had been waiting through all the movies, and raised your excitement for the finale.
Congrats Chloe! 🤩🎉
Don't put beans in, and you don't need the cheese.
"Don't Look Up" is really, quite good.
Give it to me. Please. 😂😜🤩
I like deep dish pizza. It's delicious. Also, not everything has to go on a hot dog. And, you're a genuinely good human being and I am glad to call you my friend. Mine. No one else's.
RT I swear if a giant, earth-killing comet WAS bound to make contact, 1/3 of Americans would turn to science in hopes of findi…
They need to do a better job of advertising that fact then. Like with a 6pack of beer and bratwurst.
Your openness on your journey is inspiring, and your friendship (and hugs) warms everyone around you, including me.
No. The hope is someone will return for them.
I really feel sorry for the person who left their pickles in the cart instead of taking them home
Keep the license file intact, and if you make any changes to an existing file it's fine and appropriate to include a brief gpl-3 header for those changes
And isn't it the best Christmas movie ever?
In theory, you just need to license your changes to the original code under gpl3 as well and you'll be golden.
RT “I’m so smart for not crying at movies that have emotional moments. Only children do that” I’m not defending the mega c…
RT Community is built in the replies, not the posts.
So kinda like last year's "Death to 2020"?
Guess we found out who the _real_ earthen vessel was
The new season of #Letterkenny has dropped. I'll be over heres watching it if yous all needs mes.
RT Republicans: Liberals want to take away our freedom of speech! Also Republicans:
Yeah my HD 60S+ also had this issue, and I replaced it with a high quality USB C cable and it worked.
GPG Suite
#beagleSnuggles for warmth
Solid meat and fixins right there
If I had only known
RT SOMEONE LEFT A FULL PLATE OF COOKIES. AND A GLASS OF MILK. RIGHT BY THE FIREPLACE FOR ME. I AM NOT KIDDING. WHAT A NIGHT
Fascinating thread on the trans allegory of THE MATRIX!
Wife, after I relate this to her: "Oh it'll go over REAL well. They should hire me."
So glad you went to the doctor... But nice flex on your first tweet. Merry Christmas
That's delicious! Wife's making a boneless rib roast tonight as well
Chris.
RT Maybe AWS keeps going down because they run all their stuff on prem
RT Don't worry. It's his elf. #schittscreek
It's good. Went and saw it last night and then will watch it again today or soon at home.
RT In all the movies, Santa never goes to the house directly next door. He always gets in his sleigh &amp; fucks off like 20 mil…
7# boneless prime rib roast
As an NFT?
RT If you've ever contributed to open-source, and you're proud, raise your hand. 🙋‍♀️ #OWASP
Wife: Do you want to smell my slippers? Me:
It's time for #TheMatrix in an almost empty theater #TheMatrixResurrections
Well then
Very impressed.
This sounds like an awesome job and opportunity! Congrats 🎉👏!
Have you paid your coins to your Witcher?
Wait... You get kids for Christmas?
RT when this video pops up on your timeline you have to watch the whole thing till the end. I don't make the rules
That's what the recruiter screening is supposed to do
I could do tonight
Today's Image of the Day: James Webb Telescope Rolls to the Pad Aboard an Ariane 5 Rocket -
For one, it's good as a shot with an Angry Orchard chaser.
I actually like Aviation Gin, but it has to be with the right concoction
Consider it done.
Hey David, this is delicious
I might even have another, just for that.
Don't worry about me, I'm just over here enjoying a Hendrick's gin and tonic waiting to get a haircut
At your service
Oh... Then what was happening prior to today?
Yeah when does the party begin?
Congrats! 🇸🇪🇸🇪
Then you buy new ones and they'll be clean
Shitposting? Meme generation? TikTok dances?
Have you tried the dishes though?
Because much like kids are, I'm a dream eater.
Oh Cher! So sorry you've gone through all of this, but your strength is amazing. So glad you're still here. 💙💙💙💙
It's why we have kids. It's also why we eventually do the dishes because they don't do them. They sit in the chair next to the fireplace.
I guess it's my turn
Solid circle of friends there
Finished this on the plane... This season was great. No spoilers.
RT This thing has rapidly become the world’s exasperating good news/bad news story. If your head isn’t spinning, you’re not p…
GET VACCINATED. This is so sad and I'm so beyond any sympathy for those who could have but didn't, and are now dying or their loved ones are.
Some things I just file away to hopefully never have to be reminded about
FFS. I didn't need to be reminded of this.
This tweet is good.
Yeah... It had a hole in the bottom. Very disappointed, so I finished with a Pacifico draft.
And just like that I lost it.
RT We appear to be missing an important shipment, last seen in Ganzhou, China. If anyone finds it, it's completely harmless b…
Hey , I found a Topo Chico margarita
Holy shit..... What do you do with the fat after you scrape it off and mix the liquid with the fruit liqueur?
Today's Image of the Day: Small (But Mighty) Weather Instruments -
OH1: "Community, what's that?" OH2: "Oh, something DevRel people keep talking about." 💀
My head hurts
"hold my beer" "What could go wrong?"
RT And before you're tempted to say that what happened to + happens all the time, let's get clear: Th…
RT Press release: so it’s 3 days before Christmas and you wake up to discover the organization YOU created and built from the groun…
as a gif... Perfect.
Hope it goes better than mine... I only got hair on my toes, and my signal is shitty.
Oh how I feel this one
Reply with your favourite image or animated GIF that illustrates "devops" to you. I am last minute switching up some slides for an Ignite talk. What could go wrong? #IYKYK
RT 📣 New release alert 📣 Xcode 13.2.1 is now available. Check out our announcement post for full release details and image i…
Today's Image of the Day: Behold a Winter Solstice -
I need to go to Brno again...
Ahh, thanks for the reminder of why and are better companies.
Dang I missed the cfp
My joints hurt thinking about this
OH: "He puts the 'hor' in horticulture"
OH: "He's gonna get high and fuck a bunch of grapes and hope for the best."
Yep, but it is also becoming more standardized than bastardized in the largely Evangelical circles, which is more sad.
Congrats Angie! This is amazing!
Today's Image of the Day: Blueprints of the James Webb Space Telescope -
RT
Lol I thrive in the outer 😜😂🤣
This is abhorrent, blasphemous, and a sign of the state of Fundamentalist, Evangelical Christianity today.
Paging .... 😜🤩
I'm in the outer circle, but I'll take it!
Yep, and probably so for awhile.
This is just terrible
What the F?
Of course you did (h/t )
I dig it
I can’t even…
RT So tired of this "why don't you blame republicans too?" shit. Of COURSE they're at fault: they told us over &amp; over again they w…
I don't have a downvote button... ¯\(°_o)/¯
Gonna agree on all accounts. Such a good movie and so well done.
Holy. F....
It's time for #spiderman
I love this view, and I love Colorado! So fracking happy for you!
I'm just lazy enough that if I can't grab something right then, I'm not taking the few extra steps of measuring powder, adding water, shaking, and pouring. I'll give this a try though because you suggested it.
The best, and only, kind
What's PB2?
RT The CI secret sauce that’s been missing from your build, test and deploy stages—now in stock at #github Marketplace.
RT In about an hour and a half, tune in for this very special edition of #DevOpsPartyGames! Featuring
WTF? Never less than 12 hours of sleep a night? I would never function! That's like 2 nights of sleep, or 3 when on conference travel.
My aunt traced our family back to a horse thief in Virginia, and then stopped. So, I guess we can say I come from a horse thief. ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
Yeah I didn't either, but it's pretty bad.
I've seen Huel I think? I'll have to look around.
Yeah saw you recommend that before. My problem is I need something premade or I won't get out all the stuff to make the shake.
I don't mind making it, but I need it premade or else I won't do it on a regular basis.
But all of us LJS lovers… ❤️
The red looks awesome!
It’s upon us
Nutrition Twitter (😬): I’ve been using shakes as a meal replacement to help start losing the Covid weight. However, I was informed by my daughter that Fairlife has a history of abuse of the cows at their farms, and so I need to find an alternative. Ideas anyone?
Boom! nailed this takedown of
RT I built a action to trigger
One of you knows what they're doing
Yes please.
RT Whether you became a pipeline powerhouse this year or perhaps fell a bit short of keeping all your 2021 resolutions, a new ye…
RT Everyone thinks The Matrix is philosophical because it restates Descartes, but they ignore the much more profound phil…
RT I won't be convinced until the good outweighs the bad. Ship something that counters the massive blackhole of suck, like artists…
RT It may be your last work day of December! MANAGERS: In your year-end reviews, YOUR FOLKS SHOULD NOT BE SURPRISED ABOUT AN…
RT Join us for a special K8s Contributor Celebration edition of #DevOpsPartyGames this Saturday at 10:30 AM PT! With special…
All of this 🧵
Solid. Just solid.
This wins the internet today Tracy. All teh internets.
RT Forget the camera or the appstore, the killer feature of the cellphone is being able to call it when you have lost it.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Galaxy With an Explosive Past -
🎉 Awesome! Congrats! 🎉 Would love to hear more about what you're building and how you're using us! My DMs are open if you'd like.
I've found myself on the "Houdini Reaction" side of TikTok...and the comments are great 🤣😂 "They chose to wake Gen-X up, but actually woke Slim Shady up. Y'all are not ready. This is tame for Shady" "Gen-X is just sitting in the corner giggling...."
RT Anyone else?
"Don't forget where you came from Don't forget what you're made of The ones who were there When no one else would care Don't be afraid to cry now Even when the world comes crashing in Don't forget to sing when you win" -John Hume, "Don't Forget (Welcome to 🙌❤️
Oh, you definitely want to avoid CLE then
Amy, you know it's all about the badges you collect along the way
Oh, I see you're flying through O'Hare
RT When I was at MaxCDN/StackPath, we donated approximately $5.4 million to open source projects through cloud/cdn infrastructur…
What's stopping you from coding like Biscuit?
Yeah, this checks out
RT "The more we get comfortable with police beating up people who have not done anything wrong, the more you're saying, 'I ac…
Making me miss it even more, and still a few days away
I was in as a kid, and enjoyed it a lot
RT The brave service members who fought on D-Day represent the Greatest Generation in our history. Together, they stood to oppose…
I don't mind bats, and they're extremely useful outside, but I don't like them inside the house, especially inside my living room.
Oh absolutely they're great. Outside. But not in my house. So I have to finally get the bat boxes I've been putting off for so long.
Oh for sure, but not in my attic (and subsequently coming into the interior). I've been meaning to put bat boxes up in the backyard, so I guess now it's a priority.
So, we have bats. Not a fan. And the exterminator can't remove them until August (which is a humane process in and of itself) because they're having their babies now and evidently are a protected species.
What is this "process" that you speak of? It hardly seems like anything that should be trusted
Yeah, had the same feeling. For consumers AmEx is fucking amazing, but as a former business owner who took AmEx, GEEZ are they expensive in comparison. Certainly raises flags on eBay.
Prince of Ass Ass of Persia Mario Ass
It's solid Joe Dirt vibes
RT WALK OFF WINNER!!!
RT Kelce would be legendary in a game of tag.
There are other Christmas movies?
Rubber dong or 3d-printed antler
Noooooooo
Finally. I've been thinking it was Friday since Tuesday.
I'll go eat LJS with you next week. I miss it.
I am legit laughing so hard at this
RT If they make a movie about the 1/6 investigation, will they call it “Texts, Lies, and Videotape?”
It's time to let your voice be heard #cmgr !!
🤔👀
Congrats! That's awesome Joe!
I'm so sorry this happened! So terrible! 😡🤬
Not much more frustrating that relocating to a coffee shop to get in a different headspace to get vital work done, only to fight with the wifi &amp; have to come back home because I had meetings that needed me to be on &amp; I couldn't because of said issues at coffee shop. FML
That's so luscious - can I pet it next week? Does it have a name? #kiwimullet
Come watch these two hack around on Pulumi and Datadog now!
A very good read here
Should you close old discussions in a community? -via and #communitymanagement #onlinecommunities #onlinecommunity
Everything is worth it when you can humble a 7yo
Probably more to do with you being naked
RT Want to find out why thinks developers should redefine the SDLC? Watch the full video here:
So sorry to hear that! Hope you feel better soon
Castle Ass 3D Ass: 2042 Ass Gun Grand Theft Ass Wii Ass Asscraft Mineass
WTH
Today's Image of the Day: Reflections of Starlight -
RT I'm sad Netflix removed the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air because it was one of the greatest crime dramas of all time. Wait…
I just now saw that drops season 2 on Friday... I guess my weekend is sorted.
RT Great 🧵, but sit down with snacks.
What about some art?
RT Here’s a #Log4Shell Remediation cheat sheet I wrote with my colleague Plenty of options of how to find and…
RT Once a new #community member signs up you need to deliver on the value they are expecting! 💎 You can have a flashy website,…
"Here's $25, and after you mow my lawn/shovel my driveway 10 times I'll buy you Yeezy's"
Maybe a nice one?
RT Join my Accessibility Community #a11y #accessibility
I'd buy you a house Mike
If I had $1,000,000
You can do it
More like getting upgraded due to spending lives on planes, or paying a "reasonable" amount to get upgraded
RT Friendly reminder that the CFP for Kubecon EU closes in two days! If you're a new speaker and you need help, I've serve…
Yeah great point. Definitely has to make sense, but usually quite worth it.
Ahh. Seeing as I fly out of KC, I tend to be in them a lot, and the first class on regional is decent, but a lot more like Comfort+ on normal planes, which is still nice
How in the hell is a regional jet "budget first class"?
I just love that you don't stop believing
Was that coincidentally added after Monktoberfest 2019?
I was lucky on the way to KubeCon and then from KubeCon to ATO. I think that might be it.
RT By the way if you work at Meta it’s still Facebook just fyi
Today's Image of the Day: Eugene Parker Watches the Liftoff of the Mission Named in His Honor -
I mean, that's pretty obvious now Ken 🤣😂
... and the worst 🤣😭
Yeah! My office is in my basement so I guess I'm sorted?
Yeah saw that and had the same thought
Oh how I wish...
Good to see you upping the quality of alcohol when buying shots for people
Yup. "Flavor of the Week" by American Hi-Fi
Seems right
Yep. And the Matrix comes out next week.
Yeah... At least you didn't think it was Friday
How did it feel for those 45 minutes?
Mexican restaurant chicken fingers are a special kind of awesome not found anywhere else. Sounds amazing.
I blame the dang holiday music
I don't know... Has it helped ?
Seen, attacked, and now thirsty and wondering where my coffee is
Just a healthy reminder that it's Tuesday. I've been fighting the feeling all day that it's FRIDAY. 😟😭 Send all the good vibes my way please.
Better than tweeting it... Oh wait. You did both.
I mean, you apologized pretty quickly
Why did you unfollow Amara?
AMY!
Trigger pipelines from other pipelines? What is this sorcery? 😜😆 Great job
Yeah I've enjoyed a preflight drink in the last few months, but very sporadically
No thanks.
Ah, so yeah. Definitely not the first or only
And let's not even start with the unit testing ability of CircleCI and others
Two of my favourite people! Of course I'm gonna join, and you should too!
RT Crazy idea: Instead of making teachers “dash for cash” as sick entertainment, we just give them them money to buy classr…
Thank you so much!
Today's Image of the Day: A Cosmic Delivery – NASA Receives Samples of Asteroid Ryugu -
/high-five!! I can't remember the last time I got a gold star for _anything_
Profound bot is profound
But is Tom Holland _also_ Peter Parker?
RT Maybe if Fox News had raked the ground around the Christmas tree, it wouldn’t have caught fire.
OH: "Usually your shaft won't break..."
I'm seeing so many "this tweet is unavailable" in this thread...
RT 💯 If you didn't get a 6%+ pay raise this year, you took a pay cut.
RT You’ve never heard about cops having to buy their own handcuffs but you’ll accept that teachers have to buy their own scho…
Today's Image of the Day: The Geminids Are Here! -
Solid draw.
RT A whole lot of engineers worked all weekend and deserve the week off. Friendly reminder that you should give it to them.
It became comical eventually, and I loved every moment of it. #ChiefsKingdom
No, you really don't other than not regularly contributing to them. And potentially losing out on bigger returns with bigger investments. But other than that they just sit there continuing to earn something.
I went back and watched the return from commercial where that was shown a few times and laughed knowing they were making fun of the Raiders for being idiots
It took me 3 years on one account and two years on another to finally get them transferred. So what do I know? ¯\_༼ᴼل͜ᴼ༽_/¯
YIKES
I like my Sylvania... Cheeper, but work with everything. I also have some LIFX that are nice but are pricey like the Hues.
RT We spend trillions on our military, meanwhile, public school teachers are left to scramble on the floor for cash to su…
Part of it is it's dumb, annoying, and purports to trying to tug at your heart strings. Then the destruction of all of that comes completely out of the blue. It's glorious.
Hello, I'm Jeremy. I have a dark sense of humor.
The Apple/Verizon holiday commercial with the little girl and the snowman head is the gift that keeps on giving. I remember when I first saw it with and in Vegas, and it's still hilarious 😂🤣😆.
Congrats on the new place Sasha! 🎉🤩
Fair response, given their team is puking on the field
I watch it about once a decade 😜🤣
Ah.. gotta love the Raiders being the Raiders. #ChiefsKingdom
RT Seeing a few takes saying that web3 will help prevent things like log4shell by enabling people to better compensate open source…
RT 'Evangelicals Don't Hate Cancel Culture, They Invented it'
I just did a shake n bake lol. From there the options are limitless.
Wait.. do you not know this reference?
Let's not get too hasty now... If they aren't his thing, he should share.
I'll split it with you Kurt
This. And then we can all split it.
"We got no food. We got no jobs. Our pet's heads are falling off!!"
Yeah, used to go to bed listening to it. Ugh, was that a bad idea.
But, Lady Cluck did have some redeeming qualities 😜
Lol. No. She was always Lady Marian to me Matty.
Oh yesssss... Lady Marian was hot as a fox.
Alcohol was created by the people who had to deal with the kids we sent to school
Air fryers are amazing contraptions
Air fryer fried chicken is so good and easy
Just don't accelerate too fast
Welcome back! 👋 You've been missed! 🎉
But I thought the idea of NFT art was that it is authentic and if you stole it/copied it then it wouldn't be the original!?! Why would someone do this?
Dipping an in egg nog is the best thing send tweet
RT Keanu's laugh in response to NFTs in this interview is everything I wanted for Christmas
RT Astronauts use Linux because you can’t open windows in space.
Oh great.. 😜🎉
I've passed by that one a few times, chuckled, and then decided to pass. Maybe I should take the plunge....?
RT For the record, there is nothing wrong with Nancy Reagan being promiscuous in her youth, just like there…
I miss getting up close and personal with a Marzocco and a Simonelli.. 😢 I'll just be over here feeling all jealous
Solid choice on the Marzocco there.
Raiola also can't count... 5 is evidently more than 13. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Props to my friend on this!
And yet, it's one that can be nullified in 2hr 12min.
It's also been my experience that often those trying to detract end up being the reasons why things didn't work before or aren't tried again.
Ah yes. Especially when situations are different than when it was last done or tried.
OMG Happy Birthday!!
Jurassic Park 3
What? That must be fixed this year. How could you never have seen the best Christmas movie ever?
Today's Image of the Day: Snoopy to Fly Aboard Artemis I -
Yeah, as part of the brewing process... But this was mentioned as a "drop-in" addition which was, odd...
Yes for sure... But as part of the actual brewing process. This was mentioned as adding just before you drink
A beermosa
Yeah, evidently you add orange juice to a light beer...?
Who has heard of an "orange beer"?
I got one of those at Kubecon and I too love it!
RT Saw this and couldn’t stop picturing everyone who thinks NFTs are a great idea and laughing…
RT Hey #DeveloperCommunity!!! The CFP for #kcdc2022 is now officially OPEN! You have until late January to submit your sessions fo…
Today's Image of the Day: Exploring the Secrets of the Universe -
I have a 38-in ultra wide that I use with the 13-in MacBook pro and that's it. I wish I could drive two external but the 13-in can't
ATL is one of the few airports I relish going early to because of their Delta SkyClub
Yep. They've destroyed the real world, why not the fake ones as well?
/cut to Very Peri hair colour at the next tech conference
I mean, how high can you stack the guests?
A nice change of pace in the coffee lineup, this Kenya Nyeri AA from (via is really sweet and juicy, and the notes of dark chocolate come right through, and I highly recommend it.
So sorry to hear Ben. 💔😢 Let me know if you need anything.
RT So we know Obama can tell you about better DevOps practices, and what we've learned about high-performing teams through a p…
Kinda reminds me of an answer in a past episode of #DevOpsPartyGames... "Shitposting as a service." This ends well.
Oh yeah, and then I get the panic sweats
Why talk you out of it? I will come join you and watch!
Wow! Good luck Chloe! Can't wait to find out where you end up next!
Why's the carpet all wet, TODD?
Like a fine wine...
RT If Meadows has nothing to hide, why didn’t he show up for his deposition? We need to stop treating these goons with kid glove…
Yep. Walked out of The Dark Knight being 100% sympathetic to The Joker.
OMG! Congrats! Party at the ranch! 🎉🎉
No, you are.
Sure
The temperature level in my office is noticeably lower than it used to be when I had a 16" MBP with its fans on 24/7. Now that I use a 13" MBP M1, it's quieter and cooler in my office. I love the M1.
I just wish I got paid for it
Are you passionate about dev community's and helping scale #devrel efforts through strategic processes, tooling, and wrangling the team's projects and efforts? Then you should look at the DevRel Program Manager role on my team at My DMs are open
Today's Image of the Day: Observing a Dark Nebula -
You're gonna love this blog post Zan is working on... Runners, building on your own machine, now included on the free plan. 🔥
It makes sense
I mean, which ones _wouldn't_?
Aren't those just protests?
I've _finally_ been the subject of a Matty shitpost
Is that like Visual SourceSafe?
Dumb lazy banana bread dolphins
RT The Kamala Harris “Bluetooth scandal” is just further evidence that it was never “but her emails,” it was always “but th…
RT Just saw someone describe crypto as 'Mary Kay for young men' and now I'm dying.
RT ICYMI: #cdCon is happening June 7-8, 2022 in Austin, TX + Virtual Here's the Program Committee! ➡️
Is this a dog food shitpost?
This checks out
I feel like another #chaoscamping trip is in order
RT "Any religion, which professes to be concerned about the souls of men and is not concerned about the social and economic c…
RT 80 years ago, American and Allied forces stormed the shores of Normandy and bravely fought to defend us against tyranny and…
Aww! 3 of my favourite people!!!
Yep! I just don't turn them in. I've only had one person question me on it over the last few years, and they had a legitimate reason
Hah! I just came across this and was about to ping you in Angel! Two cool dudes working with leather. I'm here for this.
"A study has found that software projects adopting Agile practices are 268 percent more likely to fail than those that do not." Yeah, that checks out...
Just prepping you for that IT HelpDesk support role
Right?
FFS... Recruiters that call you out of the blue to talk about a role are some of the most annoying. What is this, 2001 telemarketing?
Oh damn... Yeah that looks great
The Battle of Midway is probably my "favourite" one of WW2, in no small part to the 1976 movie. Thank you for sharing, and thank you for serving as well.
Can't both be true?
It's how you find the true 10x engineer.
Fuck DNS
Those are a solid choice.
That really sucks, I feel for you. What was the first indication something was wrong?
What beverage and snack did you consume afterwards?
I'm doing a DevRel talk, which comes out of my 6 post rant, but it most likely will be with someone which hasn't been fully sorted out yet. So... Stay tuned.. 😁😜
RT Come on and ask the Cloud Economist Team your AWS Billing questions! Join me, and h…
Such a great conversation with Shannon and Jim
RT No amount of community building will fix a bad product (software, art, or anything else). Community only works when peop…
HOT DAMN! That's amazeballs!
Happy Birthday 🎉 🥧 You've fast become one of my closest friends, and I am so thankful for that. I hope your day is amazing!
Today's Image of the Day: Laser Communications Relay Demonstration Lifts Off! -
Mine is going on my desk so I can admire him all day long
OMG! So exciting!
I know what I'm going to send through the mail now
I expected it from a few people. You were one of them.
Before anyone asks, they are Adidas Ultraboost 21 in Black/White/Aqua
A high school kid said they liked my shoes. AMA.
Great 🧵 of reminders from ReInvent (or any other recent conference)
I grew up in the ultraconservative, right wing, homeschool subculture, &amp; none of this, down to Farris &amp; the HSLDA, is hyperbole. It's been the game plan for decades, &amp; they've been playing the long game, &amp; why they have focused so much on stacking the entire court system
RT We're seeing now exactly why every big company is fighting against universal health care. Decouple health insurance f…
RT You can't hire your way out of a systems problem
Today's Image of the Day: Eclipse Over Antarctica -
So sorry to hear of your loss Sonia! 😢💔
A photo of you in January 2020, without imagining what was to come. At an Ottawa DevRel get together with and
St ephan
I do not consent to you touching my divine spark
YEESSSSSSS
Lmao
Kickass! I would have Diamond this year with the miles, but I only spent 1/3 of the $15k needed for the spend due to not traveling until August. Platinum has been great, so I look forward to getting Diamond next year.
🤩❤️😍
Wow. Looks so good!
Did you ask though what Siri could help with? Seems like a good opportunity.
O'Hare - It's been at least a decade since a flight I was on into/out of the airport was on time. It's also always cramped &amp; always seems something is broken in trying to get between terminals. I avoid it like the plague and I couldn't be happier. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯ And I love Heathrow.
As much as I abhor O'Hare, this whole thread is awesome and I'm a bit jealous
It's one of hardest ever in my career. Thank you for sharing.
Same, that one was great.
Very good thread for any evening!
Type the year you became a teenager in the gif bar and post it.
Exciting! Hopefully I get to see it live!
Pretty amazing right?
It's always after noon somewhere in the world
RT Dudes - whatever you’re doing in your head to justify saying anything like this to someone (much less someone like Emily)…
Holding it in Vegas doesn't help &amp; I would posit contributes a lot to the problem. Society has coined the phrase "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" and used it as an excuse for shitty, reprehensible behavior. Continuing to hold it there lends itself to an endorsement by AWS.
My favourite musical.
I've been watching off and on the last month or so, and it's become one of my favorite shows to watch.
RT Reading the horrific stories from and on their experiences from the past week makes me ext…
But what about with Blockchain?
Kurt Warner. Dual threat.
RT Observation: scaling is cyclical. You scale, then you try some new stuff, then you scale again. It's important a) to know…
Finally getting around to watching Hawkeye, and the scene as he's getting his LARP character and costume is hilarious
RT Laws that make it harder for children to access guns shouldn’t be controversial.
Yeah definitely older
Yeah I just turned 45 but feel 36.
RT Set your alarms, Early Bird tickets for #CascadiaJS 2022 go on sale this Monday, Dec 6 at 10am PST ⏰ Don't miss out on: 🎉…
Oldest: "I filled out a release form without your permission." Wife: "You're 18." Oldest: "Oh, right." Me:
That's not a bad idea... Tear it down and rebuild it
With the gpu shortage, I'm more inclined to purchase a kit where everything is there so I don't have to wait months for a gpu
Yeah, same, but not in awhile, and definitely not after the gpu shortage
Yes. They are Neon and Lilac.
WHERE ARE THE PICTURES!?!?
That was going to be my reply as well. Adam. Shame.
Alright Twitterverse, I'm going to be building a PC with my son for him to game with. I can certainly go about sourcing the individual parts, but wondering what you all suggest for build kits? I've seen recommendations for NZXT BLD kits, but open to other ideas and options.
You've done amazing! Congrats, and can't wait to hear about the next thing!
RT Hey, folks leaving re:Invent: you’re probably not going to wear all that swag and it’s starting to get cold. Please consider d…
Ugh! How did I miss you were going to be at ReInvent? Yet another time we haven't been able to meet up.
RT Looking for community management work? Go work with Jonas and his team! They're super awesome!
We were watching "League of their own"
It was great seeing you, and wish we could have chatted more!
There were certainly outtakes
Come join me this coming Tuesday as I chat about some of the findings we have around better DevOps principles and how a pandemic influenced them at the virtual DevOps Toronto meetup:
And it has now come to an end, my first #reInvent. It was great reconnecting with friends, new and old, and I'll probably return.
RT I couldn't figure out where the comma(s) in "God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen" should go, so I hit myself in the face. htt…
RT 1️⃣5️⃣ years a Red ❤️ We can't thank you enough for your service, Carras — a bona fide club legend 👏 #MUFC
I have a list I started which needs some updating ( but there is also , , and
Today's Image of the Day: Become a Flight Director ... And Perhaps a Legend -
This is an awesome feature! Hats off to the CircleCI team that worked on this!
RT Men: Just close your legs if you can’t handle raising a child. Women: You first.
OH1: " OH2: "Before it was flatten the curve, now it's reduce the bend."
"Women would rather play baseball than go to therapy." -
"MERN? Who comes up with these names? And they give us a hard time for our service names!"
"With power, comes chaos." -
Thank you ❤️
I'm excited and honoured to be part of the next cdCon, and join some amazing people in shaping the program for 2022!
RT It's that time of the year, again! We're kicking off the #adventcado today, with none other than Head of De…
RT Ken Exner and I speak about abstractions at AWS today at 4 pm PST in the Venetian Theatre. It’s going to be good, y’all…
Today's Image of the Day: Photographing Mars -
I think so
Grand Luxe Cafe at the Venetian.
Oh it was.
RT It's that time of year again
Hands down
I have some left over... You want?
Fork for size.... Amazing.
Half of a loaf of brioche was sacrificed for this french toast. 😍🤤
RT
RT I have heavily used in the last couple of months and the session "Deploying container applications with cloud nativ…
Tables and cgi-bin. All you will ever need.
RT Just quietly pointing out that nobody ever asks “how will pay for” the $778,000,000,000 defense budget.
RT I'm so terrified and excited for tomorrow. I'll be on the biggest stage of my career! But I want to focus on the incredible…
Ugh yes. So dry.
OH: "We're gonna go 10x over the next month."
OH: "And then the dildos rolled forward under the seat and got stuck under the accelerator"
Paul just kinda appeared for the picture
RT If only those school shooting victims were embryos, then maybe we could get Republicans to give a damn about them.
Me. That was me.
You had me at I
Gutted I couldn't get over there.
Wait... What?
RT This is the woman who danced and catapulted to power on the grave of Ruth Bader Ginsburg while her body was still warm These…
I miss the Thames
RT Just a reminder that geographic pay bands are both racist and classist.
Yeah, the Venetian. Miss you Matt
Conference talk "Selfie Askew: Revolution in selfie taking with and coming to a shitshow near you
It's so good David!
Today's Image of the Day: Eagle, Omega Nebula, Trifid, and Lagoon: Four Famous Nebulae -
Baked in brownies
OH: "I'd rather be in Florida!"
OH: "I'm very frugal with my steak"
RT Check out: What a global pandemic can tell you about better #DevOps practices with at #jconfdev December 9, 2022.…
Today's Image of the Day: Dragons-Eye View -
Today's Image of the Day: Between Earth and Sky -
RT Uh oh… the bill came…
Great movie!
OH: "I'm gloves off bitch"
Damn. I looked at the last name and missed who was replying.
OH: "It has a strong nose of sake"
Paul... I carried a glorious Guinness around with me.
Broke: *How many books have you read?" Woke: "How many books have you _written_?"
OH: "I feel like mine's so big"
Good dinner with / / as we discuss taking over the world with the
Bottoms up
. "Jenkins is shit, aged in barrels of port" Me:
The big hug and I shared definitely included some tears. So good to reconnect with friends!
Yep. Heaven.
RT Time to resurface this:
Trusty Twitter algorithm
Right? I asked "what is this magical place?"
RT Hard to believe this, but the first stages are just around the corner. The CFP for #kcdc2022 will be opening soon. (No,…
Waitress: "Would you like another Guinness? I can put it in a to-go cup..." Me:
Legacy mailing list platforms still reside in Vegas
Same here.
I love Dave Grohl and
Right? And Bruno 21st? WTF? No one has had a bigger year all around than Bruno
Hi!
Congratulations to you both!
It's insane
You know that feeling when you see someone for the first time in about 2 years and they attack you on the casino floor with a bear hug? I do. My dear friend zig zagged through the crowd to give me a long overdue hug and hello! My day is complete.
Yes. Yes he was.
And then stand in line for 10 minutes or more
Yep. It's like they are feeling left out and want a #hugsam
Same. Highly annoying.
I didn't realize you got a selfie after late night Waffle House takeout in ATL
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble’s View of Planetary Nebula Reveals Complex Structure -
I, for one, applaud that
Yep. Jealousy early in the morning.
Um. What did you do last night?
Yeah, empathy seems a bit missing
JIM! Miss you buddy!
First for me
Been 3 1/2 years since and I have been together... good to reconnect here at #reInvent
Can't wait to see you both again
Flew over the Rockies to SLC before my final leg to Vegas... Love the view
RT A Christmas Story &gt; Home Alone
RT Happy Hanukkah to all my friends celebrating this week. You are deeply loved and appreciated. Peace to you.
Yeah kinda stupid
Also, ability to edit the clock is coming from what I hear
Try a different click widget? Fwiw I love this one
I miss it
It won't matter... I'll get the same response from you as I always, lovingly (of course?) get
Oh, nice tip!
Oh, nice tip!
Running a scam to get some scam... I like it
There's not enough Woodford on this Delta flight to help me
Guy sitting next to me on this flight to ReInvent is watching "crypto financial advice" videos which consist of someone taking and showing different Twitter accounts, tweets, and "finance" web pages
In all fairness, I probably would have pulled a groin muscle with those dance moves.
Lindelof always plays better without Maguire
Spot on. Have always made friends with, and done whatever I could to make their (and the Accounting contact) life easier.
RT Time to go on the offensive against the Omicron variant All domestic flyers in the US should show proof of vax Requiring int…
Fuck... Gonna have to make that walk from the Venetian a few times.
Love you buddy, and you're doing it right.
RT Jurgen Klopp sounds worried Manchester United are getting their house in order 👀
"Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang" is so fracking good
I just noticed I finally passed 3K after staying around 2800 for the last few years ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Nice....
RT Treebeard is complaining that the forest has become unruly because all of the Ents have too many direct reports (I’m pa…
Hey-o! Excited to announce I'm speaking at #AllThingsOpen 2024! So humbled to be listed with the first 25 announced!! Check the link below and register now for only $99!
RT If you think the rapist felon who was cheating on his wife and his mistress when he had unprotected sex with an adult fil…
Fair. Can't help you there that's for sure.
What's stopping you from programming like that?
yep, which kinda adds to its aura
This is such great news David!
And the great thing about Dr. Pepper is that it isn't a Pepsi product.
Yep. I love making it, and have a killer recipe if I do say so myself, but inevitably it's gone soon after I make it. I _swear_ I don't eat all of it.
Hell yeah - Diet Dr. Pepper is so good. I haven't had a soda really all year, but if you put a Diet Dr. Pepper in front of me, I doubt I would pass it up. Do you remember this commercial?
Awesome! Some good people there already, and your addition just boosts that into the stars!! Congrats Ben!
Amazing picture! I wanna hang with Aggie!
Just listened to Houdini by and then watched the video.... Wow. He's bringing Eminem, Marshall Mathers, Slim Shady, and B-Rabbit back all at once... All in one video. Daaaamn.
A very interesting way to have local SSL, and it's now #opensource
Would definitely be interesting to hear what you have to share. I would personally love to hear what happens with what you already built? My DMs are open btw if you want to chat more.
So... where do you stand on your own "Savior" saying that he (by extension and not by default being a hypocrite) shouldn't be running? I'll wait.
RT It's officially June and #KCDC2024 is happening THIS MONTH 😱😱😱! Get your tickets now, they are selling fast.
RT This is Bodie. He’s here to celebrate the start of Pride Month. Been working on this pose for weeks. 14/10 parade starts rig…
RT “If you don't want to be found guilty of falsifying business records as a felony, don't sleep with the porn star, don't lie…
And the depths you will go to continue to believe your own lies is directly proportional to the size of the golden parachute
It's how I've lasted as long as I have
Yay! See you tomorrow!
Love the convenience of being able to take a COVID-19 antigen test at home before traveling and heading to ReInvent, and the knowledge that it's negative.
Both of those are amazing and mouthwatering at the same time
"Hot Rod" is a genre defining movie send tweet
I made a public playlist
I have to get them reprinted... 😟 Once I do I will make sure you get them
Hands down the best web shorts ever (at least the first 4)
Look forward to seeing you again after almost 2 years!
Hard to argue with this take
I call the tight red pants
Alright - heading out to #reinvent2021 tomorrow. Who all is going? I'll be at the CircleCI booth most of the time, but I'm glad to meet up and say hi, hang, whatever.
This new feature from is really nice for sharing things you're reading. It's also a bit funny that Apple seems to have a trigger when you update a non-Safari browser that drops a notification to go "Try the new Safari"...
RT Statistically, You're not gonna get Covid from an African. You're going to get it from the Fox-watching, anti-vaxxing, I…
FFS.
Or tell them there is a magic quadrant somewhere that they too can be on for 10's of thousands of pounds of halloween candy
They've had it coming for decades. I didn't see what you're referring to, but they've been on the favourable end entirely too much for way too long. Nice to know they finally didn't get a call.
This is what my Granny would have done 😂🤣. I miss her
I have plenty of squirt guns around the house
Using TP like a peasant 😟
Today's Image of the Day: Black Hole Collision May Have Exploded With Light -
DAMN 🤬
RT Condolences to the 67 people who just realized they are in deep, deep trouble.
RT Today is a Thanksgiving. And we’re made to feel we must be *happy* on holidays. Or surrounded by people. There’s been a…
RT A jury handed down a guilty verdict Wednesday for all three white men involved in the killing of 25-year-old Ahmaud Arbery…
I use Ion line of products!
The fingerprints are a pain to clean
"Rise of the Guardians" is a solid movie
Wait.. you're supposed to _build_ things for domain names you register?
First of the breasts for tomorrow has entered the smoker, probably a little late in the evening given the size of the breast. It's from a 22lb bird, and is at least 8lbs, and closer to 10. Went with a cranberry juice brine on this one, and looking forward to how it turns out.
You can get a Guinness all the time
Happy Birthday !!
Blame my kids
OH: "Yes, so I could point and laugh."
RT US response to Covid has ultimately been like our response to school shootings: Once we decided unimaginable loss was a pric…
I am Groot
I thought it was an exploit
Hah, you know me mate. I like my gray hair.
David, I thought we've met before?
"Restless anus syndrome" is not something I thought I was going to hear today. Thank you #ChurchofLazlo
Shane.
Holy shit that's terrible
Lol good times.
It's always Karen
Maybe...... 😜
Oh yeah, I get both the looks and the little comments. In fact, some members of my family wouldn't even mention it, preferring to just ignore it.
Which is why I finally did it
Truth.
Let's just say I went to Wal-Mart. Also, family time this week. So, maybe?
Yes my hair is blue, and I don't give a flying fart knuckle what you think about it
They were hungry
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Witnesses Shock Wave of Colliding Gases in Running Man Nebula -
Maybe next year
Nice....
Beagle snuggles
Even worse for me. What the hell
Hold off on those migrations folks #devopspartygames
Someone's getting spicy on #devopspartygames
This is just the norm #devopspartygames
Is this true #devopspartygames
Shots fired tonight #devopspartygames
YIkes.... #devopspartygames
A lot of wrong opinions on pie tonight #devopspartygames
LET'S GO #devopspartygames
Love you Tim, and here if you need anything
Jay if you can tweet you can join the stream
RT Maybe America wouldn’t have grown up to be such a mess if it had been raised by Founding Mothers.
Martial refuses to play any position given him, and lacks the intensity/desire to press. I lost count the number of times he gave so much space and kinda just walked around. Rashford presses. Bruno does too, but even if DVB had stayed things would have changed without Martial.
That's web3.1
Tell me more...
Thanks Paul.
The most interruptions you get are the FAs asking if they can refill your whiskey. #Heaven
It's a "just chillin'" kinda afternoon
RT Getting Started With Infrastructure as Code -Learn key #IaC concepts, tech &amp; how it all fits together -Go hands-on with
You don't want to miss an opportunity to talk trash and make fun of me as co-host! #devopspartygames
Glad it's working out for you!
Another Ethiopian coffee is brewing, and this week it's from a washed Demekan Becha delivered via
Today's Image of the Day: Stay Tuned for DART! -
RT Men! What would we do without them?!
The bestest cheat sheet of cheat sheets
Rob, let me know and I can get one of our Dev Advocates to review with you!
RT This means I'm on the lookout for something new 👀 So, if anyone knows of a developer-focused company that's looking for som…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots Swirls of Dust in the Flame Nebula -
RT TFW the mission of an entire political party is to be the biggest troll and asshole possible No policies, no laws to improve…
Dialing into BBS's on 2400 baud to use a Gopher portal and a telnet client
Dare I mention Visual SourceSafe?
One of the funniest skits I've seen in awhile, and I feel like a few past DevRel karaoke nights are represented here
RT If you don't read any other advice on starting a new community this weekend, take this in and apply it to all conversations…
Let's go!
Looking forward to how this game pans out as the play the 2nd most-hated football team in America (any team Brady plays for being the most-hated). I will concede though that the #1/#2 spots are interchangeable. #DALvsKC
Have heard good things about their coffee. Glad to know their service is good too.
Delta. Hands down.
💔 I'm so sorry David for your loss
What, Tailwind isn't enough?
RT If America really meant "All Lives Matter" we wouldn't need A Black Lives Matter movement.
Fair. Sticking to your preferences.
But that mid-six figure salary though...
It's not often a club gives their outgoing manager an interview and an opportunity to speak after being let go. A true club legend. #ThankYouOle #GGMU #ManUtd
Better than the alternative
That was a long sleep......
Wow. Impressive. Will have to take a look
RT Thank you Ole. You did us proud . The last two months were tough but before that you restored some soul into the club. ❤️
They tried that with Raccoon City, and look how that turned out
Wacom has external monitors/writing tablets? Wow! I use an ultra wide and my laptop as a 2nd, but the Wacom is an interesting idea!
OH: "I was having an inefficient dream. It was a complete waste of time."
Yeah a class act for sure.
You are my Solskjaer, My Ole Solskjaer, You make me happy, When skies are grey, Oh Alan Shearer, Was f*cking dearer, So please don't take, My Solskjaer away... #ThankYouSolskjaer
Hands down
Anything is better than Hennessy shots
Just add whisky and Irish cream instead, and thank ME later
Oh no, you out-style me easily Andy. Every time.
RT Two clean sheets in 25 for Man Utd. That’s a coaching issue.
RT What a fucking week
RT Every Friday, Solskjaer says United have had a 'good week' in training. On the Saturday or Sunday, you wonder what the…
Really wondering if Solskjaer has a different definition of "rewards" than the rest of us?
This was the perfect match for Solskjaer to finally make good on his promises to DVB. But again showing his lack of managerial and tactical chops. I feel so bad for Donny.
RT We have more peaceful marching to do. To where? Every ballot box across our land. Lace up.
Ahh - I've seen two episodes, liked it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Scored by the same composer actually
Yup.
We'll see if this happens again tomorrow as I tackle the leaves in my yard
OH: "I feel that's what DevRel is... jokes that scale"
RT It really saddens me that Kyle is referred to as a “kid who had to defend himself” by people who had no sympathy for Trayv…
RT Kyle Rittenhouse Sentenced To 45 Years Of CPAC Appearances
Yep.
And that they released the entire first season at once #CowboyBebopNetflix
RT The Kyle Rittenhouse verdict just declared open season on left wing protestors.
Watching this first episode of #CowboyBebopNetflix and glad they've followed the original pretty closely so far.
RT “Today’s verdict means there is no accountability for the person who murdered our son. It sends the unacceptable messag…
RT Anthony Huber and Joseph Rosenbaum should be alive today. That’s the tweet.
RT This verdict is not surprising, family. We know where we are. Let’s walk and work together to shift this nation and wo…
Yeah they're told they should like them so they do.
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-1 Astronaut Victor Glover Meets with DC Students -
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎉 ! #ScorpiosUnite
OH: "just don't tweet any of this. JUST DO NOT TWEEEEEETTTTT!"
Admins can remove the ability, and I think that if the option is enabled by the admins, you can still disable it on your own personal settings for just you
Medium is so bad at this.
#Letterkenny returns Dec 26. YESSSSSS!
I like, but it is becoming increasingly harder for me to be able to do too much spicy.
RT Bring your CircleCI Insights data to heel with This slick integration utilizes webhooks to fetch valuable info ab…
So a conference talk?
Some really great advice from Look forward to seeing you all at my first #reInvent
Wow.. so this oddly explains _a lot_
Wow! That's amazing... 🎉
RT 💀OMG WHO RIGHT CLICKED ALL OF THE #NFTs?☠️ 🛳🏴‍☠️ 🏴‍☠️🛳 👀
Today's Image of the Day: Suits at the Ready for Next Spacewalk -
Ahh yes.
Now I know where to order a trebuchet from.
RT Clever shirt... but should someone tell them?
My oldest graduates high school that week so I'll miss all the things... But I'm down to come visit.
RT If a Democrat in Congress posted a video of themselves murdering a Republican, all Democrats would condemn it and call f…
Congrats Stormy! They're lucky to have you!
OH: "So you're a service mesh?!"
Ah yeah, great place!
Alright friends... me and my team are looking for good tech meetups and communities to get involved in and to support. Any suggestions? I'm ready to hit up meetups and/or go on a meetup road trip.
First come, first served? Or share the space as needed? Or foot room (one foot each?)?
RT More data, more insights! In the biggest Octoverse yet, we’ve analyzed data from 73m+ devs on GitHub *and* 40k+ surveys to he…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spies Newly Forming Star Incubating in IC 2631 -
I'm seeing a trend
The original "copy and paste coding"
RT Molly is a hero. This the first time backend, front end, testing, and DevOps engineers have agreed on something.
I just loved writing BASIC on that thing
Season 3, Episode 6 of when is trying to video record a lecture, perfectly encapsulates the pains associated with recording virtual talks the last 18 months.
Well hold on... Let's hear Seong out. I want to know more about this "work"
Atari OS Rev.B
Hands down Stack Overflow
Sorry to hear... I hope my dogs, patiently(ish) waiting to be fed help in some small way
RT This is probably the last major anniversary that these veterans will experience. It’s the 80th anniversary and they were a…
I'm listening...
Mine was whichever distros came on the CD in this book
You're a fucking idiot. No one is above the law. Period. And campaign finance laws are there for a reason. Commit crimes, suffer the penalty. You're worse than an idiot. You're a moron.
Absolutely. Your DevEx initiatives have to close the feedback loop between the user experience and the product, moving past that initial marketing push. If the product teams don't trust what your DevEx team is bringing, you're on a hamster wheel mired in quicksand.
Very interesting! Are the roles focused on needing to be in an AWS city, or are they able to be remote? Very interested, enquiring mind would like to know... 😜🤔
Is that the normal one or the "under the pool" one?
Woohoo! Congrats to Horace's daughter!!
Fantastic. Another platform to troll, er follow you both on.
RT ON ALL 34 COUNTS!!!!!
I love !!
The awesome folks!!
RT Us #devopsdays organisers like a late bird as much as an early bird (and much better than no bird at all), which is why we'r…
RT Years from now they will look back at 2024 as the year the War of the Popcorn Buckets began. #history #DeadpoolAndWolv…
It will take them a bit.. season finale was 2 weeks ago
Yep. I've pushed slide edits to GitHub just before going on stage... I feel this so much.
RT SCOTUS can’t grant Trump immunity from this conviction, nor can a future President, because Trump has been convinced in st…
RT I second this!
RT The pussy grabber just got grabbed by his cajonos. 34 times.
RT saw the application for host/MC, and since I can't apply for him, I vote for
Part of an amazing thread
If only it were collapsible and could be taken on trips
Depends on if alcohol or not
And he has his foot on the snake... But "Don't tread on me" flag/snake is part of their imagery... So... 🤔🤨
NGL... I might switch to iOS if I got that deal
Zan.
RT You make them do four interviews to just to have them center divs then after a 1.5 years you expect them to stay for th…
Exactly. And she isn't one known for listening or calmness lol
Oh I was raised on those "conventional expectations" and came to realize how bullshit they were, and how they are designed at their core to favor the privileged... I won't begin to say that tech has it all figured out, but definitely better than your terrible take.
So just playing into the privilege and core systems that are racist, ableist, etc. is where you decide to come down on? That's the final take you're going with? Really?
I started out with a work one and then a personal one... And then the Google Drive integration happened and I am kinda all over the place
Scott, you're the best.
That would put me to sleep
RT I just love Brett Goldstein (aka Roy Kent)
Today's Image of the Day: Observing Earth from the Space Station -
"Right to Life" was never about abortion
I love my Synology DS-220+ 2-bay ($300) that I added 2 WD Blue drives to ($90/ea), which is a bit over the $400 you mentioned.
RT I'm going to tell a tale about "professional" clothes and my history with it.
I've legit watched this 5 times and I can't stop laughing either
That's been me the whole time with virtual conferences.
I'll be there. 🏇🐂🐮
Aaron, that's frickin' amazeballs! I love it!
Hugs Sasha.
Sasha, always.
This is a really great idea Ancil... I'm making sure it gets seen in our orgs. Would also love to hear any other ideas for taking the intimidation out of the CI/CD pipeline process!
RT Communities thrive when every member feels seen and valued. The Challenge: It's easy to make 10 people feel seen and val…
RT 👀 Community lukers are not such bad thing like everyone thinks! Discover why in today's #FactFriday 👇 #cmgr #community
I'm excited to be speaking at my first #confoo this coming February! You can still register to see my talk about all of the different buzzwords in DevOps, what they are, and why they matter (or maybe don't?) to you and your team!
RT People keep asking me how to set up a community around their product. If you want to succeed, treat the community AS YOUR P…
That's so much at the heart of CI
RT "The Developer Advocate's Guide to Metrics and Reporting" 📊 An intro to metrics 🤑 Defining the value of dev advocacy 🧠 Ti…
They send you the scale &amp; your first bag. You always keep it on the scale (wifi) and it measures your rate of consumption, and will kick off a new order. You setup a queue manually, or pick parameters and they'll randomly choose a bag for you, and it'll arrive when needed.
I really do like it. It takes a little bit to get their algorithm trained for you, but once it does, you don't ever run out of coffee again. If you're interested in signing up, you can use my link and we _both_ will get a free bag!
Wow! Congrats Ben!
Monday starts with a good Guatemalan coffee from delivered via
I've used a magnesium supplement for years that seems to work for anxiety and relaxing muscles. It's called Formula 303
That thread is gold
Where else are startups going to setup their companies?
Florida hating Florida is hilarious, and spot on
RT America in a nutshell
CONGRATS SASHA!!! And that outfit… WOW!!!
RT I know I’m getting old because I can sit on the couch and pinpoint the exact direction of a draft.
RT #FBI Statement on Incident Involving Fake Emails
RT Churches that weigh in on political matters should be taxed.
I'm intrigued! What do you have?
It was so good!!
"August and Everything After" by Counting Crows
RT Please refer to it as the #McMichaelBryanTrial. Our dear Ahmaud is not on trial.
As long as they aren't the sugar free gummies.. (if you haven't read the Amazon reviews for them, they make for great road trip reading)
RT NEW BLOG! I've been part of 9 sessions across 6 KubeCons. In this post, I share the basics of applying to speak at KubeCo…
28 + 40 = 68 68 + 7 = 75
😟😕
👋👋
RT Signature Dos A Cero victory fueling US World Qualification dreams, winning third straight over dread rival Mexico. Most im…
Amazing! It's been 85 years since we have won three in a calendar year against Mexico!
Um. Corey.
I ordered (what I thought was) 2 bunches of bananas and got 2 individual bananas
💯.. I thought it was every bit as good as Black Panther.
RT Eleven men. One mission. #USAvMEX x
#RCJH Let's go Jayhawks
Yeah. Thank you.
Damn it PJ. I just realized I have got to lose weight and now you post this? Why you gotta do me like this?
Yessss.
RT Come catch FOMO from last night’s takeover, as we welcomed over 100 black &amp; brown software engineers to our…
It is gonna be amazing
I'm in this video, and can confirm. You will want to be involved in any Render event in your vicinity, and make plans now for RenderATL 2022.
Thanks!
Today's Image of the Day: Crew-3 Launches to the Space Station -
Only solution is a nice beverage, a warm fire, and more karaoke
It's a mental health day at work, so definitely no work happening in the lounge!
Thank you Matty!
THANK YOU!!
It's a testament to how much I love and that I'm going to the airport 3 hrs before I need to be there to hang in the Delta Sky Club there
What does it say about someone who never replies to the other political stuff poste on your Insta stories, but when you put this picture up &amp; add #KyleRittenhouseIsAMurderer they get all pissy &amp; start arguing why he's innocent? Self-identification rears its ugly head again, huh?
You too Angie! Looking forward to the next time!
The #RenderATL community is amazing and is killin it. Glad I could be there (you can see my blue hair in one of Angie's pics) and can't wait for #RenderATL2022
RT Ahmaud Arbery was murdered. Kyle Rittenhouse is a murderer. Decent white people can admit that.
Really glad I stayed in town for this after #ConnectTech! Let's go #RenderATL!
RT Another fun episode of #DevOpsPartyGames is coming on 23 November! Join
I feel seen and
Do it. 🤩
OH: "Skin puppies"
OH: "Going at it like giraffes on roller skates"
Honored to present with others in this short track ( at #DevRelCon. You can find my slides at
RT It's always "inflation is up because fast-food workers got a 25-cent raise" and never: *Stock buybacks and dividends…
You're ridiculous...
RT 🔔 13:15 SF - Jeremy will explore why collaborating with other communities is essential, and some practical ways…
Freezing coffee is really bad because.. 1) it dries out the beans (which if you're using Charbux you won't notice), &amp; 2) coffee absorbs what is around it like baking soda does, so it will soak up the months old hamburger. Keep it in a cool, dark place sealed up tight.
I've missed all of the talks (virtual confs have been so hard for me to attend with ongoing work), and only able to make my own, but hopefully sometime soon we can all be together again.
Let me know if me or my team can help out or answer any questions
Would love to work with you... Our free plan and OSS plan at is awesome.
RT This is sick behavior from Rep. Paul Gosar. He tweeted out the video showing him killing Rep. Ocasio-Cortez from both his offi…
Yessss. My grandfather and uncle's spoke fondly of them.
RT COVID Update: One too many smart people has told me or said on TV this week that the pandemic is over. I offer this thread…
Today's Image of the Day: Mocha Swirls in Jupiter’s Turbulent Atmosphere -
Thanks for all who came to my talk yesterday at You can find my slides at
Today's Image of the Day: Mocha Swirls in Jupiter’s Turbulent Atmosphere -
Looking forward to the cfp
Dull roar from the hotel bar
Just another dinner out with some great people at #ConnectTech
Glad to be supporting with here at #ConnectTech
RT Tanya Janca and the #wehackpurple team have a free mini course on API Security !! Go check it out!!…
Repeated this same activity multiple times myself. I know the feeling.
Today's Image of the Day: Crew Dragon Endeavour Recovered After a Successful Splashdown -
Coming soon to #ConFoo
After 2 years, it's good to hang with again #connectTech
We will be in the hotel bar I'm sure after dinner
I feel this.
They're donuts Jeremy. DONUTS!
RT Big Bird is kind, compassionate, empathetic, loving, adored, and vaccinated. Ted Cruz is . . . vaccinated.
Those shoes are fantastical
BACKYARDIGANS!!
I'm waiting at the hotel bar
AMAZING color display Heidi! I love it!
RT Quick update on state of pandemic in the US National picture has turned mixed Bad news: rapid declines in cases has plate…
A friend of mine took his DJI Mavica up on a 14er in Colorado and got some good shots
RT I can't blame Ted Cruz for attacking Sesame Street, if Donald Trump shoved his fist up my ass I'd be triggered by puppets…
Today's Image of the Day: Spotted by Hubble: Dark Star-Hatching frEGGs -
You got this!
Just landed!
RT Hungry? is serving us a steaming hot dish at this #DevRelCon potluck! 🥘 🍲 🥗 🍿 🍱 🍢 🍝 🍜 🍦 🍧 🍩 🍔 🍳 🥙 🌯 🌮…
Oh I have ways of catching up. You know this.
I needed a few days at home before heading out again.
So excited. I'll be around mid-day
RT Big Bird gets vaccinated, 1972
RT Techbros: pronouns are too confusing Also techbros: no, it’s not just a JPEG, it’s a digital record of ownership using…
RT White supremacy is the current. If you don’t swim against it, don’t pretend you are not moving.
METRIC SYSTEM!
And then please let's not do this again. Ever.
So glad to hear you're healing Ian!
RT Happy Four Seasons Total Landscaping Day to those who celebrate
As a lifelong Husker, they aren't wrong. They're also ignoring the decades now mediocrity and failed coaching hires.
I'm in tomorrow... See you soon!
Simplest, and highly accurate, definition
Yeah, I've done the candy, a few beers here and there, and even brought in fast food by leaving it at a side door and then picking it up once I was in the theater. But never a whole rotisserie chicken.
He's 18. Brain isn't fully developed.
Saw #Eternals tonight, and I gotta admit I did enjoy it. It wasn't as much of an action movie as I was expecting, and that was a good thing, I think. Make sure you stick for both end credit scenes.
I know I am...
Karen or Chad
Son: "When me and my friend went to Venom, we snuck in a rotisserie chicken." Me: (holding in chuckle) "Ok.. did you eat it?" Son: "No, we just kinda left it when we left." Me:.... That's my oldest there folks.
RT one of the funniest things i’ve ever heard is that bartenders in sf call techbros “backpacks”
RT What is the best way to handle difficult conversations? Why is collaborating with other communities essential? How do you buil…
That's what happens when representatives vote for the thing their constituents want. Even a 14 year old knows that.
RT Why is a dude who throws a ball for a living getting a national platform to spread medical misinformation during a pandem…
Liquor store clerk: Im gonna need to see some age verification Me: Remember when you would pickup the ringing phone and hear the tones, and would press Start on the fax machine? Liquor store clerk: enjoy your purchase
Happy Birthday Tim!
Tim.
Paul... You're not supposed to OH when you're talking to yourself in the mirror
RT Perfect #FridayVibes to close out the work week from a company that knows a thing or two about build environments and creatin…
Today's Image of the Day: Particles From the Sun Produce Light Show on Earth -
RT Join #AWS and CircleCI as we walk through building a continuous delivery pipeline that demonstrates continuous integration an…
RT We're so excited about this community contribution from An API client in Go for all our amazing gophers to try - s…
That's how they get you
RT We are excited to release the first-ever Constellation Report: State of Community Tools 2021 📡 We surveyed community build…
Really looking forward to being back in ATL and seeing/meeting you all.
RT Just so we’re all clear, critical race theory isn’t taught in elementary school but active shooter drills are.
Biscuit and Alice would like you to save a toy for each of them. Tyvm.
Nothing to add here #CascadiaJS
RT Cat's out of the bag! We're going to Sunriver, OR next year! ☀️ August 31 &amp; Sept 1, 2022 It's our 10-year Anniversary and…
RT Yeah, tonight was great. #CascadiaJS
At the #CascadiaJS after party blows the night away with Toxicity... #props
I skipped it
I found the hard seltzer
RT Reminder to remove all Dilbert references / comics from your slides, decks, and everything. It’s not even that funny an…
This. Is. Me.
RT Our sticker game is on point thanks to &amp; ❤️
I'm better for knowing you, and you make everyone better who you come in contact with. 💙
Invest in your teams. It's easier, and cheaper, than having to replace them.
I can't say enough about how good is at DevRel strategy and program management, and how good of a manager (and more importantly, a person) she is. You want to work with her and her team.
RT Tired: Network outage due to hardware failure Wired: Panic! At the Cisco
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Images Colorful Planetary Nebula Ringed by Hazy Halo -
It wasn't said about me!
Doesn't ring a bell, but was also there?
Livvy is all of us
Ahh yes, it must be OKR planning time again
Yep need to go watch it
Damn, this is so well spoken about real friendship. ❤️
Great minds...
Hmm this could be something..
Fuck no
This is HUGE and AWESOME, and _WAY_ past time that it happened.
RT for all of SF (and wider Bay Area) friends, the monks are in town most of next week. 1. come get beers with us ne…
So I know it's been 8 months since I rolled out my thoughts on moving #DevRel forward in the form of 5 posts, and then said I had post #6 coming. And it was 90% done for 7 months (thanks ADHD). But, finally, post #6 on everyone's favourite: Metrics.
I know, it's been too long
I know... ☹️🫂
Teeth in 1632 feeding the British stereotype 🤣 But Sciatica, Vomiting, Affrighted (scared to death), that one dog, Piles (hemorrhoids), and a canker sore really coming in each with an honorable mention.
Yep - I daresay they are the worst.
Sadly, I won't be there this year.
Pulled the butt after 8.5hrs, and it had a nice bark all around and became some great pulled pork. Pulled the ribs after 8hrs (4hrs smoking, 4hrs wrapped and cooking) and they were the most tender I've done - bones slid right out!
I wore crew socks growing up, always hated that I had to scratch my legs while wearing them. Switched to ankle and couldn't be happier. The only time I wear crew-ish socks is when I am going to be on a long plane ride, and then I wear a comfortable pair and then get rid of them
Oh he uses that new wheelbarrow to do his hay in the loft for his horses.... 😆😂 No need to throw them.
Nice full slab of St Louis style, 2 feet long maybe?
After 4 hrs, the ribs are ready to be wrapped for the next 4 hours at decreasing temps. The pork butt pieces are getting basted for the next 2 hrs and then they're done.
Happy Birthday! (Mt. Elbert, Leadville, CO)
Soon.
Getting ready for the #CascadiaJS Welcome Reception #Seattle #oldFriendsReunited
It was one time Tim.
FFS.. so much of that shit infuriates me. No mention of what version of Android he came from, thus having some data issues being a potential cause of some of his issues. I would bet money many of these issues wouldn't exist on a fresh install.
It wasn't me...
OH: "Kubernetes.. isn't that Uber with a medical condition?"
OH: "I'm like DevRel's annoying little sister"
RT "Unlike Java, JavaScript was fun" ~ I choked on my water hearing this part of the talk. 😂 But also, loved t…
Here for it
Always my response....
There's still time to get a ticket to attend and come hang with me!
Yeah, you're a bit out of practice. 🤣😂
The "feature" has been there on mobile and web for awhile in Google Calendar, and as far back as the early 2000s when I used Outlook at Sprint. No excuse to not use the feature when setting up meetings.
Making sure resident wine experts and are aware
Yep. It's taken awhile, but we are starting to see Microsoft's end state for open source and GitHub.
How close to gate closure time did you cut your boarding?
"Communities of practice are by nature organic, and unless they're needed, they'll naturally wind down." at #CascadiaJS
RT Repeat after me: A PowerPoint deck is not documentation A PowerPoint deck is not documentation A PowerPoint deck is not docume…
I mean, there is karaoke.....
I'll try harder
I'm in town, but at #CascadiaJS... Might stop by though and say 👋
Woah.. some big moves happening at GitHub and Microsoft which pull back the curtain a bit into Microsoft's potential end state for their commitment to Open Source
Today's Image of the Day: Mariner 10: First Mission to Use an Interplanetary Gravity Assist -
Congratulations! That's so awesome!
Seems like a better play
Today's Image of the Day: An Aurora Seen From Space -
/me checks flights to Seattle again
I said what I said
That was after the Donner Party if I recall correctly
The Portland, Maine airport personnel were so happy to be rid of us that morning
It was the greatest selfie of all time
My banana hammock was really good
I don't know but I can't wait for the review
Thanks for joining us! It was great meeting you.
Swarna I miss you.
You mean it was a publicity stunt? #shocked
Really looking forward to my first and the second year for to be involved. If you're at the Seattle location, make sure to say Hi! #CascadiaJS #community
RT psst...the CFP for 2022 is OPEN NOW! We want to hear from you! Let's see those pr…
RT 1/In 1933, a group of bankers and industrialists tried to overthrow the US Government and kill FDR. They recruited Gen. Smed…
Congrats! This is a great and much needed step!
Yeah.. that's a big pile of "No thank you"
Thank you for clearing that up
You put Half &amp; Half in your iced tea? WTF?
Hey I'm in Seattle, so just pop up here.
Why the fuck are they even asking?
Thank you both for sharing and being so open with your experience. I love you both, and am glad you're here. ❤️
"Training Stakeholders To Engage In Communities" by from
Congrats! I was waiting for this announcement. Please try to keep track of that Tim dude..
RT #HappyHalloween
You keep the Snickers and throw the M&amp;Ms
Jealous. However, and I have been on this same trajectory today and now we're throwing candy at children from a balcony
OH: This has a 10/10 mouth feel
Saying "No" is just as important as saying, "Please have a chat with my manager so we can make sure we are all on the same page around what our priorities are." As a manager, it's important for me to step up and deflect issues so my team can be successful.
Heyya! Here for #cascadiaJS!
I love my Gibson SG, so that's my vote.
Had brunch with two of my favorite people, &amp; first time in 23 months. Too long.
Seattle, it's been awhile, but I'm back!
RT Pay special attention to your community champions 👑 #cmgr They help to spread the vision of your #community, bringing other…
For sure! It's so much more amazing doing 3D. I'll be in Vegas for ReInvent, you?
Whiskey Ginger Ale
RT This is why there’s no White History Month.
Ugh! I'm gutted I am not there this year, my talks weren't selected. Have fun!
Word to the wise... Remove the pic of your ssh creds _before_ you build the final image.
IT TOOK THE REST OF YOU?
Oh we would never consider such a thing.
RT Some people will get this.
RT If you guys think CSS is only used to ‘prettify’ a website or adding some colors to a text, then you may have to rethink…
Oh that does look good. What is it?
Thought leader right here 😅😂🤣😭
RT GOAL Spurs 0-3 Man Utd (86 mins) Marcus Rashford races clear of the Spurs defence to slide a calm finish into Hugo Llor…
RT Goal - CAVANI Assist - RONALDO Spurs 0-2 Man Utd (65 mins) #FPL #TOTMUN
Which oddly sounds like most toddlers
They're only ever mad if you aren't needing them
What's the issue? I have a Pixel 6 with no issues on Brave, but I also did a data restore from my Pixel 5 (already on Android 12) so that could influence my experience.
McTominay showing what he's capable of there if he didn't have to cover for Fred so much... A foot offside though
RT Zan Markan, Developer Advocate at 🔥 His talk will cover the best practices for performance, stability, securit…
RT CRISTIANOOOOOOOOOO! #MUFC | #TOTMUN
RT That is phenomenal. Van Basten like from Ronaldo. #mufc
It served a need early past year. No more.
Fred and McTominay colliding with each other is everything you need to know
It was a hallway talk after his presentation.
This is what Dabit and I discussed at ATO... All of the crypto platforms have those with the mostest holding the mostest and able to influence. Nothing really has changed. Yes, those who haven't been able to participate in the global economy now can, but at what cost?
FFS.. this formation would be great to get VDB involved... But, no. McFred. Again.
Oh they're literally the worst
Nope. Did this months ago all on my own. Where have you been?
RT ska fans have a boundless surplus of love in their hearts
Lots of practice growing up...?
So on the way to #KubeCon, my glasses, which I use generally at night to give my eyes a break from wearing contacts all day, disappeared. I've had to wear my contacts all day until late at night when I go to bed. I finally got them replaced, and I think they're pretty spiffy.
RT Nobody asked for this new Facebook feature
Seattle, and then Atlanta, !
Blocked and reported for multiple crimes against coffee
And I have my booster 💉. Let's go!
RT "Now hear me out. Cheese, people. Lots of cheese."
RT I’m still saying Facebook and still not using it lol
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew-3 Rollout -
It's a rainy Friday morning, and Biscuit and Alice have the right idea.
he's going to start McFred, isn't he? FFS
😂🤣
What nightmares are made of
RT Don't play like that, we thought we were getting an edit button.
Or your spouse in this case
Thanks to all who were able to catch my session! I really love sharing this data, and for those who want to check out the full report, you can do so (without signing up for anything) at My slides, if you want to review are at
Coming up shortly at 9p ET is my talk, "What a global pandemic can tell you about better DevOps practices", with some updated data we've received so far for 2021. #alldaydevops
It's how they procreate themselves
Wow.. this seems odd
RT Renaming “Facebook “Meta” solves the same kinds of problems that renaming “torture” “enhanced interrogation” did.
Amazing. Hands down the best overview of DevOps ever. continues to set the bar really high.
Yeah - same. I'm heading to Seattle next week, and Atlanta the week after - but find myself switching them around a bit
Brilliant! And the world is not prepared.
It's how I finally made the jump away from United in 2019, and couldn't be happier.
I'm getting the feeling that "it depends" - great clip!
RT Who gets to call your API is as important as how they call it.
Yes, but shhh
JJ hosting a watch party? I'm down!
Just gonna leave this here....
Fantastic Emily. This was soo good.
This whole bit is one of the best things I have seen... Burn those "Well actually..." dudes
EMILY!!!! "Razzes my berries!!!!!" HILARIOUS!
FFS how hard is it to just default to "they/them"?
Fun fact, I met Zan for the first time in-person at 2018
Damn it .. I miss and so much. Enjoy!
RT definitely saying “Oh, so it’s like Kohl’s cash.” next time a man tries to explain crypto to me when i didn’t ask.
This question is one of the many reasons we are friends.
Today's Image of the Day: Gamma Ray Ghouls! -
Beyond grateful to have finally met in person at #RenderKC #KC
Kicking it at #RenderKC with and
But wait.. what about "Friday Mimosas"?
I'd love to see the full list of what's what.. I have started thinking about my rig now
Ahh yes. The reason for me that I don't use Verizon.
This gif (which always gives me the giggle farts) should be the sole thing on the page.
That's a delightful twist on "Jack and Diane"
I'm waiting for my #Pixel6 to arrive (hopefully) on Saturday
I concur. Please unsubscribe.
Oh he knows, I'm sure of it. That was a show to the people who will vote for him, and to show TFG that he still has a taste for fascist, uh, "boots"
My grandmother passed 8 years ago. If you need to chat, let me know.
Right?
RT Elon Musk: Beware! If they can tax a billionaire like me, they can tax you regular people too! Regular People: We've been…
What world does live in where it's ok to perform a Nazi salute when you're "unhappy"? Oh right... He loves bootlicking fascists
RT It would be great if Republicans defended democracy with the same passion they defend giving the Nazi salute.
RT With CircleCI’s Test Insights, you now have a dashboard view of your CI/CD performance — down to the test level. Test Insight…
Whenever I see this capacity limit, I imagine the fire marshal getting a giggle when they set this, knowing they could have squeezed in one more or one less, but they settled on this perfect max capacity
So I got my Pixel 6 case, 2 days before my Pixel 6 is actually set to arrive, which seems like a special kind of torture. #TeamPixel
RT So wrote up a topic we've been discussing a lot lately: the return of the general purpose database.
Solid #DoctorWho episode
RT I get asked this question a lot so: Here's the exact process I would follow if I just got hired to lead community for a n…
Today's Image of the Day: Our Sun as a Glowing Pumpkin -
Wait... There was beaver asshole content?
RT This is how I tell software engineers I’m running behind to hangout, via the Discord ..... called…
Wednesday's, amirite?
Emily... An "eye tooth" is not in your eye.
RT I have worked with at two separate companies… would hire her again in a heartbeat. Her contributions were voluminou…
RT you should trust him on this one. is very good.
Looking forward to this meetup tomorrow! Make sure you RSVP soon before all the spaces fill up!
RT The people protesting vaccine mandates/refusing masks seem to be the same ones protesting against teaching about the rea…
RT I hear-by start a petition that companies who give a L&amp;D benefit should allow Apple+ to be charged to it. Ted Lasso is…
Yup. No doubt about it.
That's right... You don't need to know YAML in order to create config files for CircleCI - you can use either our new Config SDK or Visual Config Editor instead! Both of these are in Open Preview, and need your help to make them better!
RT Design multi-workflow CI pipeline configs visually with our new Visual Config Editor—officially availab…
You've met me. Also, this pic
It is oddly similar
I was put on "The Reformer" at physical therapy today.... 🤔🤪
RT In a healthy community, the unenforceable traditions carry a power greater than that of law. Make sure your long-term commu…
Today's Image of the Day: A Sample of Asteroid Ryugu -
Up this week is a Rwandan coffee from The sweet aroma while brewing prepares you for a well-balanced cup of coffee suitable to drink any time of day. Delivered just as my previous bag ran out by
The coffee breakfast. 👍💪
Same, I'll be there.
It's attempting to mark territory - so the only way to exert dominance is to go barf in its driveway in retaliation.
RT Why is it that people only talk about women with daddy issues when Don Jr. is just several daddy issues stacked in an El…
Drive thru breakfast solves so many things. Which did you choose?
Fwiw, every Pixel I have bought has shipped way quicker than the estimate. I bet yours arrives in 3 weeks
DECEMBER? Yikes...
My #Pixel6 has shipped. That's all.
Yay! There will be karaoke.
Ok all my #Seattle friends... I'm coming into town next week (Sun-Fri) for #CascadiaJS, I'm 💉💉 (and will have my booster 💉 before arriving) and I would love to meet up. It's been sooo long. Who's around?
RT Acknowledging that bias and injustice exist is not “Critical Race Theory”
RT I find it disappointing when a company’s open source strategy is just a marketing exercise
Oh yes, me too! Was so good.
Primarily I want a bark over more of it. I butterflied it for that, but it ended up in 3 parts instead of one ¯⁠\⁠_⁠ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ⁠_⁠/⁠¯
Throwing some pork on the smoker today: a pork butt I spread out, and a slab of St Louis style ribs. Gonna be a nice, long smoke day!
Hah, oddly they did add their own crypto coin but I don't think anything has been done with it. I do like the secure file sharing and messaging features.
Personally it solved a lot of problems in onboarding people to PGP and creating an actual "web of trust". Used it extensively in a company where we were working with secure code and I had to encrypt everything and then share. But it seemed they never went as far as they could.
Does anyone really use anymore?
Silicon Valley is amazing and remarkably still relevant.
I would normally say you're right (a lot of DevRel roles end up like that), but they have this for every role it seems.
I went through one similar but less bullshit like the backdrop on your office... Coincidentally, the role I was interviewing for back in November still hasn't been filled, recruiters keep contacting me about it, and the company told me recently "we want to fill it internally"
You only get one shot
On all accounts... Fucking nailed it
It's not even the recruiters... It obviously is at the top based on the whole hiring process and Mark's focus
3 years they've had it up... And evidently it's for all roles from what others have said. The whole process is even wilder and insane
RT Just a gaffer and his starboys 🫡🌟 Erik ten Hag had words for Kobbie Mainoo and Alejandro Garnacho at full-time 🔴 #Emir…
RT Your 2023-24 #EmiratesFACup winners... 🔴🏆 🎨
RT MANCHESTER UNITED STUN MANCHESTER CITY TO WIN THE FA CUP 🏆
RT Trophies won by Premier League clubs this season
Yeah, the Mastodon thread about their experience through this process is very revealing
Against all odds, GLORY GLORY MAN UNITED!! #MUFC #FACupFinal
There's a thread on Mastodon that shared the whole interview process ... What an utter shit show
MAINOOOOO! LFG! #MUFC #FACupFinal
RT I've got a secret to tell you... Your boss is tired of being your manager. They want you to manage them. Managing up: How t…
Congrats Chris! This is great news!
That is one of the purposes of a CI/CD system, and CircleCI does this quite well. We even integrate nicely with security platforms like Snyk
RT The Constitution mentions the filibuster the same number of times as it mentions God, Jesus, Christ, and Christian Precisely…
I am normally not a "get rid of the manager" type of guy, but Ole has brought the team as far as he can, and someone needs to be brought in to take it further. It's no fault of his, just the reality of the situation.
Monday vibe
I like the prospect of a short day
Today's Image of the Day: The Force Awakens in a Newborn Star -
Yeah and all the events and conferences I've been to (indoor and outdoor) since August.. not one case. There's a LOT more to this story.
Yeah I'm in my comfy PJs now
Crap! I forgot they were coming!
Oh yessss
"my stomach was making the rumblies that only hands can satisfy" -Carl the Llama
One of the funniest commercials in a long time
Dude... On point!
This isn't a bad day at the office. This is a continual theme this season, and has plagued him his coaching career at United. He lacks tactical acumen, prefers to rely on individual players instead of team play (wth are they even practising?), and lacks the ruthlessness necessary
You're going to love it. I use mine for all my notes, and the cloud integration (I'm grandfathered in I guess?) is great.
RT Wisconsin. Where “equitable” and “diversity” are dirty words but child labor is A OK.
I'm so sorry. 😥🧸
Yay! That's so awesome!
🤠
RT It has been 0 days since the last incident. Always in our hearts Thomas, Remember, these are not pets.
Copy/Paste but change what the bunny is holding. (\_/) ( •_•) / &gt;🌽
Reminds me. I need to go to Trader Joe's
Sasha. You are not a shitty human. Not in the least.
Never
It's all I got Gareth.
Jealous. Definitely jealous.
RT Our top 5 list of webhooks use cases is out! We share our favorites scenarios in which to implement them - what ar…
RT Yet again Justice Sotomayor illustrates why she is the greatest defender of human &amp; civil rights on the Court since Thur…
It's important to pass your CI tests. 🤣😂
Definitely can be both
RT 🚨New Trailer Dropped🚨 Check out the trailer to my upcoming course on Framer Motion! 👀 Get a sneak peek of t…
Today's Image of the Day: Orion Spacecraft Joins Artemis I Moon Rocket at Kennedy -
I'll be there, can't wait to see you again, and looking forward to your sessions
I guess I know what I'm doing tonight or tomorrow
Well in that case..
RT even by the standards of the age and the man the pitch deck for "trump media technology group" is completely bonkers. it's s…
RT I am a huge fanatic! So building compatible CI/CD Pipelines by from is a must for me! #CloudEngi…
Ask them if they can also feed him, so you can hopefully cut down on remaking food he steals from you
Got to be some significance as to why you're just _now_ finding out about it, and so close to Halloween...
Your updated hair colour is amazing Katy!
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Snapshot of 'Molten Ring' Galaxy Prompts New Research -
RT for observability:
#RenderATL was just over a month ago, and if you are in the KC vicinity and had some FOMO about the event, don't worry - because the amazing team is bringing Culture &amp; Code on the road next week! Join me! #KansasCity
Yep. #TeamWhataburger
This is really good. Thank you.
For sure! I'm set for a few more between now and the end of the year ( , ReInvent, which all have good safety params in play, but I'm hoping the beginning of next year signals a full return
Time is a coming when this will happen.
RT Wanna see something cool? 😎 Go to " and start coding with Visual Studio Code entirely in your browser. An…
Oh my! I'm so glad you're ok (ish). Rest up Jonan and take care of yourself first of all.
Glad to be back home after a long 10 days at #KubeCon and #AllThingsOpen. It was great to see and reconnect with many old friends, and to make new ones. Thank you to everyone who made both events amazing.
RT Today is the day! I’ll be hosting the Manage track all day (along with and I hope to see you there! Not re…
Yeah missed seeing you at ATO, but there will be another time!
💯
Wow. Can't wait to hear what's next for you.
RT Old Trafford cleans up nicely 🏟
RT i am extremely pleased for all my friends they're real ones. you can't change the state of the art without som…
RT Dear Facebook: We've received your request to change your name. However, due to our real names policy, you will first need t…
And I'm on Android 12. I like it so far, very smooth, but I really wish would have an onboarding flow when you do an upgrade to a new version so you know what is new and how to use it, etc. Going to be a bit of hunting for things until I'm used to the new UI
Today's Image of the Day: Behold an Aurora Over the Southern Skies -
RT No YAML? No problem! We're bringing you new options to write config with code using CircleCI Config SDK or drag-&amp;-drop with…
RT The #CloudEngineeringSummit kicks off in less than 24 hours! 🎉 We're honored to be joined by these amazing speakers -- don'…
Yessss.. so many memories
#domainPurchased
Well done. Missed you by 30min
Hey there is a at D15 in RDU
Actually.. too low on the battery.. gotta wait till I'm back at the Airbnb
Downloading #Android12 to my #Pixel5 over cellular while at a jazz bar. What could go wrong?
A perfect ending to #AllThingsOpen with #AllThingsJazz
Sorry for your loss Tristan
You'll never be the same
"I'm an Asshole"
Who?
90 Day Fiance
First week of November... #CascadiaJS
I will be in Seattle in a couple weeks... I expect it to be perfected by then.
RT Seriously, people
Oh it was.
It's always DNS
OH: is the Kate Winslet of DevOps
I'm _finally_ getting sushi at #AllThingsOpen
Switched to the Black one and it finally went through after a few retries
And now the 256GB is out of stock and the system removed it from my cart
I now got to the "Confirm Purchase" screen... but an error there too
I have my Pixel 6 in the shopping cart but not gotten further
Gotta make that happen and soon
Really great session from here at #AllThingsOpen on teaching and helping others learn. Good to finally meet in person after all this time.
Great progression in group exercises to help learning and helping the group get to know each other from at #AllThingsOpen.
Make some pie
I can't wait to meet you!
Luckily my mask was on, or else this would have been me
A joy to meet and chat with at #AllThingsOpen
Today's Image of the Day: Mars Sample Return Artist's Concept -
RT I mean… he may OH himself, but he’s not wrong ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Mistakes were made. I get it.
Damn it Jacquie
OH: "How do you know OH2: "I'm her Dementor, like from Harry Potter" It me.
No one ever is
#blameMary
I love sushi for dessert
Important thing to know ahead of time.. why stop the Heimlich to answer a question?
I'll be right there.....
SASHA!!!!
Come see me present on CI/CD concepts at November 8-10, 2021 Atlanta Use the code SEEMESPEAK2021 to get $100 off any ticket, including workshops!
Assuming they aren't out of cups
Glad to run into my good friend at #AllThingsOpen... It's been since December 2019 in London.
Great talk on the history of CI/CD from at #AllThingsOpen
In private is an entirely different thing
RT I think more leaders need to be reminded of this
RE: Environmental Concerns: Every widely used smart contract blockchain is already using or moving towards environmentally friendly consensus mechanisms (ETH is moving that direction in next 6 months, Bitcoin really isn't considered web3) #AllThingsOpen
Social media in Web2: - exploitation of user data - advertising - zero ownership Social media in Web3: - Tokenization (Gitcoin) - NFTs and tokenization (create and give back to community, transferable content ownership) #AllThingsOpen
Web3 applications / use cases: - Games (Axie Infinity, play-to-earn) - Music (Audius) - Blogging ( - Defi &amp; stable currencies (inflation &amp; govt crisis, helping 1.7bn to start banking) #AllThingsOpen
Core Web 3.0 characteristics: Decentralized, ownership of data/platform, native digital payments, self-sovereign ID, distributed trust-less robust arch, open and public back ends, apps compete on interfaces for the same data, tokenized #AllThingsOpen
Web 1.0 - read-only web (only devs being creative) Web 2.0 - Read / write / interactive; user-generated content; social media, blogs, wikis, video/image sharing &amp; hosting Web 3.0 - read, write, own - stack of protocols enabling fully decentralized apps #AllThingsOpen
At #AllThingsOpen, is talking about "The Blueprint – How Web3 is Reshaping the Internet"
RT Powell was 84. He had cancer. Additionally, the fact that he is perhaps the only real high profile breakthrough death we know…
I'm currently in the keynotes and my hair is still blue. Stop me and say hi!
It's #AllThingsOpen time, and and I are here on-site! Find us, say Hi, and let's talk about and CI/CD!
What in the...
Screen size and internet speed
OH: "We really don't do SRE, it's more ResponsiveOps" Me: ....
Yes, that's the point. My ass needs to be swaddled in thick sheets of toilet paper.
Thought leader right there
There's something to be said for an Airbnb host who doesn't skimp on toilet paper
Yeah, and that's my process when not at MCI. I know generally how long to get to MCI, and I know how long it takes once I get there.
Nope, I like it as well. Ask and
That's for ya
Kicking off #AllThingsOpen with friends
RT Getting breakfast when “there’s no wait” #DevRel #AllThingsOpen
I'm here #AllThingsOpen! Can't wait to reconnect with many and to learn from all of you!
OH this week: "That's why we keep you around." Me: "Everyone has to come to grips with why, each for themselves."
RT 🎤🎶Why’d you have to go and make things so complicated? We see the way teams acting solely to max scale &amp; nothing else/ Gets u…
An exercise in "How to piss off Sci-Fi with one snippet"
RT can’t wait for web3 2.0
Very good analysis, and what I too experienced. So glad I came and looking forward to more and I'm here to help change the "normal"
If you're going to blow your voice out at karaoke, "Say it ain't so" and "Mr. Brightside" are acceptable options.
Whenever our kids did that, they were hiding something they brought home
RT Legendary
My sister from a different mother, separated by cities, and not hyper-dramatic.... cc /
This 🧵 is 🌟
Well we kube-cuddled and the cluster didn't collapse, so, yes?
Ran into another friend it's been too long since we've been together... Glad I could catch you #KubeCon
WE MISS YOU JESS!
Two Jeremy's _can_ occupy the same space #KubeCon
But _were_ they chickens?
RT Join our partners from and in their upcoming webinar to learn how to implement automated static and dyna…
Me thinks he doth protest too much
RT This talk will cover best practices for performance, stability, security, and maintainability of CI/CD pipelines with a…
Today's Image of the Day: Lucy Mission Set to Launch to Study Trojan Asteroids -
Thank you. Thank you very much.
OH: "I'm going to put on my face trousers"
I'm now at the JW bar... You should too
RT 🚨 The #CascadiaJS pre-conference meetup is TODAY, starting at 6pm PDT. The meetup is free, and we'll all be hanging out in…
I could use one of these Pulumi mugs... #pulumiSelfie #KubeCon
Register and join me at the Hybrid #AllThingsOpen!
Multiple times. You weren't there. Coincidence?
RT Benchmarking #Android applications in CI/CD pipelines: In this tutorial you will get started with th…
RT Join and on next week for an informal chat about the latest developments in #clo…
You're lucky to have met Rich in person.... I'm waiting for that moment this week
Come find me at the #KubeCon booth and say HI!
There's still a few hours left to determine
My new title is evidently "All of the Above"
RT Introduction to pipeline configuration parameters: explains how to get started with this robust feature for encapsu…
Today's Image of the Day: Lucy: Inspiration and Asteroids -
RT
Sasha. Where are you?
OH: "What's a service mesh? Is it the net you cast to catch services?"
I'm in this tweet...... 🤔
OH: "You're going to wake up in a hotel room and realize, 'I'm an Oracle Solutions Consultant now?'"
RT Hey folks, I'm growing DevRel at I've spent the last year building the foundations of our program to ensur…
Great... Really great...
She did share this great resource
Fuck yes! GOAL! GARNACHOOOOO! #MUFC #FACupFinal
I still pour one out for that Professor.
Maths I was ok, but when I finally decided to take college courses 3yr after HS (company was paying), I was kindly told by College Algebra Prof after 2wks, "You know you can still drop and get $ back and take Intro?" I said, "Thanks", dropped it, and never went back to college.
Convenient for sure. From what I hear, that role has been up for 3 years and these same bullshit application questions appear on other roles too.
Yeah, but how's your maths?
Let's go lads #MUFC
RT George Floyd deserved to be safe. George Floyd should be alive today.
Oh definitely! Just came across it again and was shocked it was still around
Yeah they wouldn't be a fit
:massiveEyeroll:
Yeah, because no one cares. Except Canonical.
Like, way over the top bizarre. I would think that since they haven't hired anyone, that someone would figure it out. But, nope. They want to know how proficient you are in your NATIVE language, and then prove it using some arbitrary bullshit.
Yeah it's wild. And fucking ridiculous.
It's wild how has a #DevRel Manager job posted for well over a year blasted all over job sites, with WILD requirements for the application process. They've still not filled this role, and I know _plenty_ of quality candidates who have "Nope'd" out because of it.
Hot damn... The first two episodes are awesome right out the gate. Can't wait for the rest of the season
Wish you could. It's so good.
That’s weird. Also, it’s so good.
Enjoying a nice Three Swallows courtesy of this awesome low-ball cup from
I look forward to seeing Sasha’s slides after this talk, as she had a lot of great content on a lot of slides and I’m out of practice after the last 18 months. #KubeCon
It's an upgrade from the ball of string and bubble gum we used to use
What is the future then? There’s a certain level of goals that we all have, and while “the future is here, it’s not all evenly distributed like it should be” (William Gibson) #kubecon
1- Automation can be dangerous 2- Automation drift starts immediately 3- Automating one-offs is inefficient 4- All systems are *sociotechnical* Entropy always wins. #kubecon
The SLA concept of 100% availability is unnecessary, expensive, &amp; unattainable. The ISP background error rate is 0.01-1%, so money spent to attain five 9s is 🤷‍♂️ . Instead, SLOs help you align speed &amp; reliability; they’re about aligning incentives between business &amp; engineering
SRE is not just a rename, it’s a way of codifying practices to help people with automation and giving them the incentives and enforce limitations on the toil of the team #kubecon
Infrastructure as Code began to emerge to build out the automation needed in the data centers #kubecon
Every wave of automation enables the next wave of automation. #kubecon
If going faster is better for everyone, effective automation is a necessity to keep things balanced
We used to think that Dev and Ops couldn’t work together, much like Speed and Reliability.
SRE is somewhat how Google implements DevOps, but there’s more to it…
Ready for at #kubecon, “SRE, Managed Services, and the path to the future”
I'm excited to attend "Cloud Native DevX Day North America Hosted by CNCF (Additional Registration + Fee Required)" at KubeCon + CloudNative North America 2021. #
Dramatically was wheezing
We ran into another "no scoot zone" and had to push them a couple blocks further away from the destination
Today's Image of the Day: Like Monsters in the Sky -
Yeah, 2018. Twas a great time.
Damn...
Could probably make a killing
Don’t jinx it Jef
No. Just no.
Never stopped
Come on down to the lobby Paul
Yes, but Whataburger &gt; In ‘n Out &gt; Shake Shack
Counted 3 guys wearing b*tcoin shirts already around KubeCon and it’s not even the full conference days yet.
Yes! Look forward to seeing you both.
Let’s go!
That’s a brisk take Gareth.
I didn’t say I was sleepy. I was hungry. Multiple times. Now I’m drinking. Again. I don’t play by your rules Tim.
Well, my body was still on CST at that point, so it was my 3rd “lunch”
3rd lunch at #KubeCon Day 0 with
They were quite proud of it
March 6, 2000 was the last time I saw my friend 584 days. Too long, if you ask me.
OH: "I'm going hard... I had two Pellegrino."
RT
Barely made it on the plane to #KubeCon - but I'm here. Looking forward to seeing all you beautiful people
RT Do You hire in the us?
Very disappointing to see the #Chiefs defense return to their 2018-19 selves
RT Oh my goodness, read this. Please read this. I jumped up and down. Yes, yes, yes! Who is the Jesus you pray to? Tell us w…
I am not gonna lie. I will shed tears. Just making sure you know this.
RT Democrats shouldn’t cut ANY items in the #BuildBackBetter bill. Instead, reduce the period from 10 to 5 years. Everyth…
Yep - a _great_ album
Just your daily reminder...
This article really expresses it more clearly than I just did, but contains spoilers.
I've been saying for awhile that #TedLasso isn't really about optimism. Yes, that's a part of it, but it's really about #community &amp; love, to ourselves &amp; others. That in order to weather this world, we must have others around us &amp; trust them with our full selves &amp; they with us.
RT Insisting that Trump’s effort to retain power didn’t work both downplays what happened and understates that it let he and his al…
I don't think you really have to? They recap most episodes
Yeah Sanctum was a bit iffy... But it does start to make sense and there's some interesting twists that I think work well
Yeah, that was a hard pill to swallow... But I think this final season (7) pulled things together and it ended pretty well.
I'm a fan of dystopian shows, and one of those has been #The100 . Over the last 7 seasons it's certainly gone a lot of different directions, but I'm actually pretty happy with how the series ended. Anyone else watch it?
For a team that was the winningest program throughout the 80s and 90s, to fade into obscurity due to poor decisions by the athletic department and holding onto the past too long.. beyond painful. #GBR
Sadly, it wasn't to be.
I mean, come find out!
I mean... Always buy for multipurpose, right?
RT Attention Citizens of the UK...free B5 via IMDB.
I've kept mine alive with overtone conditioning, but the roots are mostly grown in and I've run out of time to get it redone before #KubeCon 😭
RT If open source taught me anything, it’s that things are never completely done.
RT A 10x Developer is someone who helps their customers be 10x more successful. Fight me 🥊
RT WhatsApp is now officially critical infrastructure for a big chunk of the world. Losing it for 6 hours was not just an in…
You going to be at All Things Open? We can kick that right off over a pint
Friendly reminder to get your flu shot #flushot
Don't mind me, just push your cart through the center of the parking lot aisle. There's only four cars queued up behind you. But take your time.
YAY!!! SO EXCITED! CONGRATULATIONS! 🎉🚼
Through my extensive product testing, I regret to inform you that this is not family size. (Drink bottle for scale)
I was a boy scout for a week. #AlwaysBePrepared
If you need me I'll be hanging out in the paint and solvents aisle of Home Depot #smellsgood
Conference travel has kicked into gear #shoppinglist
Saw the Matrix Resurrections trailer in the theater last night, instead of on my laptop, and dang was it emotional. Jefferson Airplane's remastered "White Rabbit" rings so fittingly eery over the trailer.. I can not wait.
Finally saw #ShangChi last night, and WOW. The action is jaw-dropping, the story is great, and the acting is superb. Every bit as good as Black Panther, and well-deserving of the high reviews.
...which will be aired at 11:06
Starting off the weekend right with another Ethiopian coffee, this one a washed process from delivered just in time via Subscribe using and we both get a free bag of coffee.
Fantastic end of the season on all accounts. #TedLasso
But you don't like birds..... Should I read into that any?
RT security engineer: we're going to start moving towards zero trust developer: oh cool. how does that work security enginee…
FFS... "Will _now_ ban"... Me thinks they are the _literal_ people we refer to when we say "some people just want to watch the world burn"
Hope it's as epic as the last time... We'll just all party there.
Kickass! And your shirt is :chefs-kiss:
RT Want to speak at PyCascades 2022? Our CFP is open now through Oct 24th We 💜 proposals from ‣ People new to speaking ‣ Peo…
RT President Biden becomes the first sitting U.S. president to issue a presidential proclamation marking Indigenous Peoples' Day…
Will have to feed the person next to you in order to make the most use of the cramped conditions
I feel like shirts and stickers coming up.
Oh I'm totally good with heights, and no fear. The edge is just an illusion to distract you from the fact there is no edge.
They're only open 12p-630p...
Yep. That's me.
Book it.
Conference CFP: Please provide us a bio and talk description. Conference: Your talk's been accepted! 🎉🎉🎉🎉 Now send us your bio and talk description. Me:
:high-five: I have this thing within myself that I enjoy seeing how awkward is too awkward for someone. I'll always go over the line, instead of stopping right at it.
This really does need to happen.
RT It's really actually real!!!!
Totally "day-men" and how it was explained to me when I started messing with Sun SPARQ machines in the early 90s
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Detects a Dangerous Dance -
RT We're TRIPLE matching all donations to and up to $1 million. Donate here until midnight tomorrow. ⬇️…
You are seen and heard.
If you need an ear, you know how to find me 🧸
Oh yeah you gotta do it as a team. Power move.
I have FedEx'ed swag home before
OOOH Great idea 😁
10000% this 👆
Very interested!
I'm in this tweet, and I am _not_ ashamed of it. Bring on #KubeCon
Congrats Heidi! Book has been acquired.
Hey Adam - would love to find out more about the "accessible cloud functions" that you're looking for? Feel free to shoot me a DM or post a question on
RT Thank you for sponsoring #AllThingsOpen at the Silver level! #OpenSource is in #FullForce, and your support he…
It has almost been 2 years. Too long my friend, too long.
That does track with our last encounter
It's been too long Hod. Let's do it.
Meant to ask this before now, but I guess it's as good a time as any... Who's coming to #KubeCon? I'm available for drinks, food, hugs, and discussing CI/CD. Probably in that order?
🙌 1. Our shared love of sushi 2. Pizza?
This 🧵 is 😂🤣😭
Great blog post from on #kotlin multiplatform and CI/CD
RT You’re mentoring somebody, even if you don’t know it.
RT i can't think of anyone that's had a greater impact on the practice of software development and operations over the last few…
Yeah I'll try again... It's been a minute
Today's Image of the Day: Smile! You're on the International Space Station -
YESSS
RT I wrote a blog post about building #Kotlin multiplatform apps on It's straightforward to get started and even choo…
Hmm - I will have to try USB-C charging again with my Pro 7... it never worked.
Can I just call you a monster and not look at your code?
I'm excited to finally be speaking at #CodeMash2022, where I'll be sharing what we can learn about better DevOps practices via data captured before and during a global pandemic, and even new insights! Come join me and all the other great speakers!
There is just something so peaceful and full of contentment here. Also me after any trip to
RT I wish we normalized mental health for men more. How to recognize it, how to address and how to help get into a good plac…
They replicate. A lot. Burn down the garage.
RT [Tutorial] Continuous Deployment of #Deno APIs to Heroku | lays out the case against manual deployments in favor o…
RT 💡 Daily Dev Tip {18} Easy and FREE CI/CD using CircleCI If you want to have a reliable app, you can create a CI/CD p…
RT #DevOpsLoop Rethinking the SDLC
Today's Image of the Day: A Jupiter-Like Rogue Planet Wanders Alone in Space -
It's like IPAs. You're told that you're supposed to like them, so your brain ignores the fact that they're shitty beers.
Oh definitely not taking anything away from that. They are great. But their food isn't as good. ¯\(°_o)/¯
Then I guess you might as well add to the restraining order. I'll say it again - Whataburger is better than In 'n Out.
Wouldn't hurt. Whataburger is where it's at. In 'n Out is overrated.
Variety. I like it.
And that will be worth celebrating. Together. With everyone else.
I’m so sorry you’ve had a rough day, but I’m looking forward to KubeCon and in-person hugs. Also, what’s a “socially-responsible” hug? Asking for a friend.
This is the way. The lids on ice cream were never intended to be reapplied. Ice cream should always be eaten in one sitting.
RT Humanity eradicated smallpox in 1980. The United States eradicated polio in 1979. Why? VACCINES. Did we do that by consulting…
Whatever it is, they lost it
Oh there are. This is clearly a police department showing their true colours.
You're only missing out on the satisfaction of Taco Bell after 2a. All other times there are better options.
Yeah, I'd say we're sorted for options.... Could make it a "progressive dinner" where we go to each place for one item, progressively making our way through the many courses of a fast food meal
Well, of course. I'm there. Just name the time.
I feel like you went wrong somewhere in between all those Taco Bell beans....
And then go to Whataburger.
One crunchwrap, one cinnamon twist. That's the magic number.
Taco Bell is always worth it late at night. I have never regretted that decision.
I mean, they're just called pants. Also, I just bought a pair of "Traveler pants" off of an Instagram ad. So.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
And wear coargo pants
All teh fastfood. I'm wearing my stretchy pants all of KubeCon.
I could go to Olive Garden with in LA? Unsubscribing and unfollowing for such an amazing opportunity!!!
If I may, I would advocate for CircleCI. The speed, feature set, and overall cost benefits are significant when compared. I'd be happy to walk through it with you, and help answer any questions you may have.
RT Boarding my flight and the flight attendants are handing out wet wipes, guy takes it and goes “hell yeah are we getting chi…
RT Jeff Bezos just became the first person on the Forbes 400 list with a net worth of $200 billion…and we’re still arguing about…
#AllThingsOpen is returning this year as a hybrid event (virtual and in-person in Raleigh, NC) on Oct 18-19. Conference and registration details can be found at If you're going to be there, let me know! I'd love to connect!
RT The goal never is to create an #API. The goal always is to create value for the organization. APIs simply make that easier and fa…
RT Right now, state legislatures across the country are setting new boundaries for state legislative and congressional distri…
RT All right, for ages I've been meaning to do thread on the War on Christmas. I suppose this is as good/bad a time as any. So h…
Today's Image of the Day: A Colorful Departure From the Station -
Dat slaw and crumbles though...
Congrats! This is awesome news, and AWS is beyond lucky!
You're forgetting about the rest of the world who don't have the luxury that the "first world" does to use different apps. They've used WhatsApp for years, long before Facebook bought it, for a reason.
Not sure I follow why you would need infra in order to utilize webhooks? Please feel free to DM so I can hear more. The docs go deeper though to explain how you can use webhooks in your existing flow. In addition, I believe the Slack orb would work too.
Have you looked into our new webhooks functionality? There are "job-" and "workflow-" completed stubs
RT HOW TO CAT: “String Theory” Sweater weather is here! Happy Autumn, everyone! #Caturday .
Fun fact: while you are correct, many third world countries use WhatsApp as their sole voice communication tool because data is cheaper (and wifi is present) than voice on many carriers. I was surprised when that was the only way to order food or a taxi.
My well-being is so much better since I last logged in - January 2019
RT Post-incident review at Facebook tomorrow
Yeah the Book could while the SP7 couldn't. Annoying.
:chefs-kiss:
Do I know anyone with the new Surface Pro 8? I can't seem to find a good answer on whether or not the USB-C port will charge the device or if I have to lug around the proprietary charger.
Take into account the hat you’re wearing, that others also wear, that represent real power structures - and understand how they influence your speech and interactions online with others and how the platform features manipulate. - and at #Monktoberfest
Finding your online community has many benefits, and fills many needs, but that still should be curated, especially if you have security concerns. Be very clear + intentional about who you are in that moment (in-person or online). - and at #Monktoberfest
Life, and friendships, get messy and sometimes it’s hard to know which side (professional or personal) you get irritated at. When looking at assumptions, recognize there are ideas about how online we are/must be to succeed. - and at #Monktoberfest
Being a friend can be exhausting so they make sure to check in on each other in the ways that work for the other, and it’s different for each. Collaborating in public also is recognizing it’s a very curated version of yourself. - and at #Monktoberfest
They’re interviewing each other as if meeting for the first time and unite about their love of the _bestest_ animals - DOGS! They also don’t have to agree all the time, and that sometimes their collaboration is at different employers. Important is the 2FA.. Two-friend agreement
Love this humourous friendship story at #Monktoberfest about learning to contribute and collaborate professionally with your friend. aka (Note: she stole my tablet to add her name)
Kicking off Day 2 of #Monktoberfest 2024 is the amazing duo of and with “How to Disagree in Public”, and lessons from collaborating with your best friend.. and with a change - Amanda is in charge! And dogs are better than cats.
RT So yeah we're on Bluesky 💙 but the link posted yesterday was incorrect try this one if you want to follow us there too h…
#Monktoberfest
RT This showing of at this year is next level. #monktoberfest #findcoreyquinn
#monktoberfest Corey Quinn
So it's just AI inbreeding now
How did we let #opensource get to the point where people harrassing maintainers was so normal that state actors could do this with something like “xz” and take over? - Chris at #monktoberfest
In 2018 there was an upheaval in the PSF and necessitated a rethink by them on how they dealt with crisises. We now have seen #opensource maintainer burnout used as a weapon - enter “xz”.. The harassers and “saviour” were state actors. - Chris at #monktoberfest
Fifth talk of Day 1 #Monktoberfest 2024 is Christopher Neugebauer talking about #opensource maintainer burnout, dealing with the stories we talk about and what open source isn’t. Open Source has a sustainability problem.
There’s a struggle in #opensource… a struggle between two wolves. Consumption and Production. The one that wins, is the one you feed. - at #monktoberfest
What we’re raising, and what companies are giving, is NOT ENOUGH! Maintainers are getting older, and new ones aren’t showing up. #opensource is about people, but the way foundations “protect” is through projects, not people. - at #monktoberfest
The idea of #opensource being celebrated as a privilege of successful business is _maddening_!!! It’s the right paradigm to protect consumers - it’s not just for “successful” businesses. If we want open source to be the future, it’s for everyone. - at #monktoberfest
So how do we handle maintainer burnout? How do we deal with the way that #opensource happens? There’s a lot of money - but it’s not evenly distributed (find a 990 from a few foundations for reference). It’s about market failure. - at #monktoberfest
The CRA in Europe causes issues due to how open source works… and while allowances have been made for foundations, it doesn’t protect single-maintainer-projects. - at #monktoberfest
RT GitHub actions can be annoying to debug. My favorite tool for this is `act` cli. It's a way to run GHA workflows locally wi…
My favourite horror flick of all time
Welp, now I got the FOMO
It needs a bath
Yup. Wasted energy I could use browsing Twitter or TikTok or LinkedIn….
That jacket is legit!
PLATO, 427-347 B.C
Not only make sure you get this conference on your list to attend, but the #CallforPapers is open another week! Make sure you submit!
RT Good morning, Enterprise!
Sure. You know how to reach me
Interesting... Feel free to share
So I'm working on a new talk around #DevEx and would love to hear your #DeveloperExperience disasters &amp; delights. What is it that makes the difference for you, whether that's being more productive, or just an overall positive experience w/ a tool or service? RT for reach please
RT We've just opened up scholarships for #DevRelCon NY (July 18-19, 2024)! Apply today at if you need a…
Kai, I know I'm not responsible for your poor Life choices, but I do feel responsible to make sure others don't make the same mistakes. So you can have all of that vile liquid. And the demon spawn with it.
Stay away from the Malort
This new season of #DoctorWho is really quite good. It's very noticeable that Russell T. Davies is back, and this last episode was great (written by Moffat of course).
What the fuck Kai?!
RT While Facebook is down, check out this article about how Facebook's algorithms by design make everyone hate each other:
It was no coincidence this all happened after the incriminating whistleblower interview yesterday
At #devopspartygames we crowdsource our punch lines
Everyone's on the same page with this answer... #devopspartygames
Taking note as I have some conference talks upcoming #devopspartygames
If you need that much storage space for your marketing pitch, you might want to reconsider that marketing pitch #devopspartygames
And of course another "same thing" tweet #devopspartygames
These are the same answer #devopspartygames
Never google your heroes #devopspartygames
Hard to argue with these definitions for YAML #devopspartygames
RT Time for #DevOpsPartyGames at #DevOpsLoop! Join us at now! with
I'm currently talking #devopspartygames
Special episode of #DevOpsPartyGames happening in just a few moments! Come join us!
RT And just to upset #MAGA even more…. Jesus looks a lot like Kaepernick 😂
RT Happy to announce that it has passed the two weeks incubation period for COVID &amp; has had ZERO reported cases o…
Quite a fun audio book journey through someone else's ears... I can't do audio books so I'm here for this live tweet fest!
Today's Image of the Day: Psyche Mission to an Asteroid: Electric Propulsion Comes of Age -
It's already been a year? WOW! So glad to have you on the team Zan!
They've given up on humanity after the last 18mo of idiots
I submitted to be a speaker at the next #ConFoo. If you have the time, I would love a vote for my proposals! #devops #qa
RT BREAKING REPORT: Americans are paying pharmaceutical corporations more for the world's 20 top-selling drugs than the re…
Yeah that makes sense then
Hmm... That is disappointing. It's been a _long_ time since I've read the book, but I also didn't realize the movie was already out
RT I will once again remind anyone who has not yet written a line of code: Coders are not wizards. If you can write algebra, you c…
RT Excuse me he is doing parkour
This weekend's episode is heart wrenching, even as they've been setting us up for it all season. Masterful writing and great setup for the season 2 finale of #TedLasso.
I feel like this needs to be a thing soon
I'm intrigued...
Do you even feed him at this point?
Ten Years! Come listen to this great chat about where we've come from, and where we are going!
Some really great tips from here on managing your time in #DevRel "DevRel Hacks: 6 Ways to Manage your Time Like a Time Lord"
Find Multiple Eternal Sources Of #Community Growth | via and
RT As a company, investing in Developer Relations is a long term project, you might not get value immediately but with time y…
All of this checks out
RT Come on, United! 💪 #MUFC | #MUNEVE
RT ↗️ Members are more likely to get involved if you give them clear direction on how you expect them to interact with your con…
RT As someone who is planning a number of BOTH in-person and virtual events right now, this reminds me that NOTHING will t…
Oh of that I have no doubt
"Reformer" certainly fits
RT Fire Louis DeJoy
It's about time! Was he deep under cover?
Again, this gonna be good!
My physical therapy location has dual use on the weekends
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
A constant for me in my coffee journey over the years has been Ethiopian Coffee. The juicyness (yes, it's a thing), the sweetness, the depth of flavor all bring delight in the cup. Thankfully, keeps me sated with great examples like this from
Oh there is.
I shudder to think about the number of saves he's had, much less successful tackles.
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering the Gallaudet Eleven and Their Contributions to Spaceflight -
Yep. Because tech.
RT Networking is hard and awkward. I've given this talk and workshop, but this is my first in-depth blog post on this subject. P…
Oh Katy, I'm so sorry. I wish I had been able to meet Freddie in person, instead of through Zoom calls where he would share his opinion of my ideas. I'm mourning here with you.
Which means everyone else in the building does too
So here's something I did experience with mine... The USB C cable was shitty. When I upgraded to a higher quality 10GB data cable all of my issues went away. That's what was the problem if you remember when my video kept dying during calls.
Wow! There's a name from the past I haven't heard in quite awhile! Didn't know they were still around.
There is a hidden firmware update option for Elgato hardware, but it's usually not recommended to try. Luckily it's a UVC device so it doesn't (shouldn't?) require Windows software updates...
The rest of us tried to as well. Good thing DNS was the problem.
Just watched #FreeGuy and it's a really good movie. knocks it out of the park again.
I'm also not embarrassed at all to admit that that happened all too often, and still does to this day.
I edited the issue in my code, saved it, and then ran it in the terminal. It still broke. Fixed other issues multiple times in the code. Saved. Reran. Same problem. The terminal I was running the code from was at a backup folder and not where I was editing.
RT all those companies oppose universal health care not because it would cost them more in taxes. they'd save way more in…
RT Unvaccinated United Flight Attendant Confident She Can Get Work On Medieval Plague Ship
I mean, that still works.
Yes. That's normal. But here the 14xxx and 27xxx wrap around where they shouldn't.
Yeah that's stupid. I've never seen that before. Usually it boils down to where the driveway is, but that doesn't make sense in that pic
This. So much this.
jealous
Can you shoot me a DM with which image you're referring to and I can make sure the team has a look? Thank you!
Hah - had this exact problem before KCDC a few weeks ago. Found it literally just before my Lyft came and I charged it in the car.
RT A maskless white lady ahead of me at DD just asked for an ice coffee with no ice and her name was Karen so thank you 202…
This is awesome and great news for Azure and OSS.
Life goals: find myself 2 friends like this pup has
RT I’m pretty proud of this. It represents roughly six months of my work and I’m hopeful that it will get the conversation s…
Today's Image of the Day: Pedro Cota: From Student Filmmaker to NASA Video Producer -
Yup.
RT Cristiano Ronaldo’s Champions League records are ridiculous ​​😳
"I've always been able to rely on (Facebook's) word" is a weird flex...
Still time to sign up for this great workshop!
Tell me you're ready for KubeCon without telling me you're ready for KubeCon
Yeah after I look I remember, but nicely done photos. That lens is wild.
I legit thought whatever those things are over your shoulder by the window were people in costumes or masks
Don't worry, your phone battery will last through the night
Thank goodness.
It's only Wednesday...
Well... Ok then!
I'll take one of each, thank you.
Was a solid goal!
RT Wisconsin’s CRT bill can get fucked
RT Join CircleCI for DevDay tomorrow as we walk through building a continuous delivery pipeline. Learn how our CI/CD platfo…
Waste not, want not. Also, they were Hot Tamales.
Is that how you're supposed to drink LaCrap? Have we been doing it wrong all along? And what flavour was it?
I popped candy into my mask. And what's worse is I didn't immediately recognize that it was the mask which made them immediately fall on the ground. So I tried again.
RT If this were true, way more people would have kids.
RT We turned 10 today! Watch CEO, Jim Rose, and CTO, Rob Zuber, share stories about how far CircleCI has come in the last decade…
Oh noes. 😭
RT Excited to announce the first of 3 awesome lightning ⚡️ talks for the official #CascadiaJS pre-conference meetup on Oct 14!…
Today's Image of the Day: Cryogenic Testing of the Webb Telescope's Primary Mirror Segment -
Solid choice there. Happy Birthday Ian!!
RT In this edition of "The Absolute Worst," critiques Tucker Carlson's comments made during a discussion comparing…
RT 📣 New data alert! 📣 CircleCI saves businesses $13.98M on average over 3 years, according to The Total Economic Imp…
She nails it. But it'll sadly fall on deaf ears
RT Join CircleCI and in our webinar on Sept 30! Learn to set up webhooks in your CircleCI project settings to send jo…
RT When was the last time you walked into a room full of people, and none of them looked like you? Empathy is much more difficu…
RT Quick reminder to everyone that we now slides, demos, and resources from over 70 of our #kcdc2021 sessions available online, tha…
It's that time of year again for and I'll be speaking on "What a global pandemic can tell you about better #DevOps practices" in the #AllDayDevOps Cultural Transformation track, on Thursday, October 28th at 9PM ET! Come join me!
Now that's cold. "Well son, back then our parents would eat any kid who mouthed off, or didn't clean their room."
CircleCI vs GitHub Actions: A Software Engineer's Perspective
Today's Image of the Day: Liftoff of Landsat 9 -
A Photoshop if I've ever seen one
Oh this is most definitely true
And it's a "MASK". This would explain a lot of issues if they're putting diapers on their kids faces.
Did she not get the memo? WEAR A MASK NOT A DIAPER. These idiots.
I'm cooking burgers and Nathan's jumbo beef hotdogs tonight, along with some good ol' Miller Lite
Interesting... I watched the video, going to have to check this out myself.
RT Tomorrow morning me and are gonna be doing a workshop all about doing AWS stuff Pulumi. It’s intro level…
This list is amazing!
RT I'll never not laugh at this
It is officially now DevOps Canon
Oh the sheer joy! 🤩
RT What is your favorite AWS status page? h/t
Slow Declines Are Far More Worrying Than Sudden Drops | via and
RT If you have an issue, just tell HR and they'll take care of it.
Today's Image of the Day: Landsat 9 Is Set for Liftoff -
Oh, spicy...
Would love to chat more on this to find out your needs, as I believe we have the support for docker on large machines just fine. You can DM or start a topic on
Let's GO! #sportingKC #BlueHell
A great evening for some football! Let's go #BlueHell
RT I'm so glad to see discovering and respecting how hard community building is! Casey, here are my tips:
So let me know what you think about it 🤣😂
Yep. I was taught this in many classes growing up.
Nah, but you do need the Fold. I say that as someone who keeps telling myself I don't need either of them, and keep getting close to buying.
It's that time again, when #DevRel professionals around the world chime in to try &amp; inform their mgmt to actually know, what the hell it is that we do! It is with great aplomb that I present to you, the 8th Annual Developer Relations Survey
Don't forget... "None of this is me defending Chicago"
Don't mind me... I'm just over here with leaky eyes watching and sing "Fix You" at
Ahh that’s a solid mixture. I haven’t done a wet marinade with beef in a long time, choosing instead the dry rub route, but this inspires me to try again. Thanks!
Nice one! Wondering about the marinade? And how tender was it? Looks delicious.
One of the best movies of all time. No discussion. Still holds up after 34 years.
"I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!"
RT What idiot called them "Twitter’s in-house legal counsel" instead of "Site Liability Engineers"?
RT You can't really be angry about this picture without getting angry about the backstory. The reason Haiti has refugees…
RT it’s official and I want more small plants as swag
Losers.
Ahh can't wait to see you in Seattle and then Denver. It's been too long, and we have much to catch up on.
What about you Brandon? Where you headed?
I'm pretty much done doing virtual events, and the in-person coming up for me is of course KubeCon, ATO, CascadiaJS, Connect tech, Gluecon, Jconf Dev, and Reinvent
But with all of that, seeing friends I knew before before the panini, and then those I met virtually, was one of the most amazing things. I shed a tear, even got choked up (and almost out 🤣), and many hugs.
I just got back from 3 conferences over 12 days in 3 different states, after 18 months of home life. Going back was exciting, and emotional. And tiring, being out of practice. The biggest change for me was the uncertainty when running into people - hug? Handshake? Fist bump?
A great breakdown of and GitHub Actions! Very well put together with some great analysis!
RT “I’ve had the privilege in my career to be exposed to a lot of amazing companies, and I look for ways to be able to take…
Elgato multimount system is the best out there
RT Don't miss CircleCI VP of Product, Michael Stahke ( speaking at on the ROI and metrics of platform organi…
RT Tell me everyone technical has left your company without telling me everyone technical has left your company
Today's Image of the Day: Discovering Neptune -
Maybe we should have a Google Doc with all of the things listed that all of us know about and are going to, including all the after parties, etc
Oh Emily! This really sucks, and I'm sorry it happened!
Definitely excited to see you and all my other friends! Can't wait! I'll be around our booth and throughout the venue and all the after parties.
Drinking a beer is always an alternative to putting anything in your coffee. Unless it's an IPA.
Congratulations and good luck! I think you'll do great in the next role.
You will get one of the nice badges we are working on Mike. Don't you worry.
Next thing you know there will have to be a postmortem
RT This week Corey is joined by strategic advisor Adam Zimman ( to talk about some oft neglected aspects of the in…
Today's Image of the Day: Seeing the Earth's Glow From Space -
That's what I said
Having a cider beer with breakfast counts as citrus, right? Asking for a friend of course.
And then the feeling when you realize you should have bought new trousers because they no longer fit
Thank you to the organizers of for a great and safe in-person #devopsdays. As always it was good to reconnect with old friends, and to make new ones. See you all next year!
Looking at you
Yeah, my paper man (right) would have eventually died. Tim's would have been long dead.
RT Like many developers, we're big fans of VS Code, and we're happy to announce the new CoScreen extension! Now you can easily j…
RT What’s worse: the fact that Covid has killed more Americans than any other pandemic, or the fact that this won't change A…
"Everyone Needs to Hear These 10 Words from Emmy Acceptance Speech"
But it's in a deep dish container....
It was. I was in tears
RT What is developer relations? from chatted with me and about #DevRel and how we serve as the…
The audacity and self-assurance with which he said it was a sight to behold
OH: "None of this is me defending Chicago"
"Can you make sure his chicken is dipped in soy before frying? And make sure it was free range. And what's the story on the soy field?"
Today's Image of the Day: Lucy Is Going to Space! -
Is that "Des Moines-style?"
Only in Chicago
Pizza, pizza
These are the right questions
Shitposting pizza and wing preferences as a service
Let's do this
That's what he keeps telling us
You gotta set the fucking tone LET'S FUCKING GO!
The challenge is real, especially in this weather
RT We’re hoping to launch a Documentation Team to help us write better policy and documentation around what we're doing. We…
It really is so fucking good. I really enjoyed it and can't wait for the next season
DID SOMEONE SAY BINGO?!?
That or he gets caught in possession and gives the ball away
I can count on one hand the times I have ever seen Amrabat turn up the pitch when he gets the ball. Even in a break his default is to pass back or turn back instead of forward. #BHAMUN
I gotta watch it tomorrow
Not only did I pass you on the right, but you avoided eye contact! 😐🤬🖕
RT Whew! What an amazing return of #DevOpsDaysKC! Thank you to all of our great sponsors ( VirtueSecurity,
RT The double-edged sword of my ADHD procrastination strikes again. Pro: I'm very good in a crisis. Con: I'm only good in a cr…
RT And if you haven't seen this amazing video on #DevOps, check out Farmer Nathen at
RT Final talk of the morning at #DevOpsDaysKC 2024 Day 2 giving us a rundown on a "Decade of DORA"
The complete, nonplussed attitude of the person looking down at their phone.
Option D: Kansas City. You know you want to.
RT Our final session, after some amazing #DevOpsDaysKC 2024 Day One Open Spaces conversations, is and his son Be…
I feel this in my knees
RT ✨ I didn't plan on founding a startup this year, but and I see a need we can't ignore. Introducing Free…
Yep. Count on it Sasha.
It might have had something to do with me rubbing his hamstrings
Sean... Come on!
OH: "Observability without context is just voyeurism"
RT It seems like time to share this talk on burnout again. It's still one of my favorites, but it hits a little differently after t…
I had to do a double take that it was the bot
Yes. And I'm here for the interpretation of "service mesh"
Highlight of DevOpsDays Houston so far
Always meet your heroes... For me, it's
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Akihiko Hoshide Conducts DNA Sequencing Aboard Station -
There's plenty of time..
Conference hotel drinks with and
Never ever.
Jeremy.
Please no
Uhh
Play "Never have I ever" without telling me you're playing "Never have I ever"
RT Coding is more about communicating than computing. New data: the best predictor of how quickly people learned to code wasn…
What the hell is wrong w/ I don't get in any car without a mask on &amp; I keep it on. And yet I keep getting reported for not wearing a mask. I can't help but wonder if it's from one of their drivers who tried to get me to NOT wear a mask last week. I reported him.
RT integration and developer experience as an exercise left to the user. that's the developer experience gap.
RT When was this picture taken 🤔 Because the policies that justify the actions haven't changed that much in the entire his…
Thankfully they have plenty of Woodford Reserve and Ginger Ale. The universe is saved.
Yeah, they're also no longer stocking Bailey's on Delta to make their coffee drinkable...
I’ve been clocked a few times in the ear already.
One thing I don't miss about flying is having to dodge everyone's bags they throw over their shoulder and miss that they're smacking everyone down the aisle like a Three Stooges skit
What the hell?
RT If you are debugging a job in use the "Rerun Job with SSH" feature! 🧐 It allows you to SSH into the machine runni…
I don't know how I've lived my life up to this point without chicken sandwich, but I don't know how I'll live my life from now on without it.
RT BREAKING: America's 708 billionaires are now worth $4.8 trillion after gaining $1.8 trillion, up 62%, during the pandemic…
Looking forward to it!!!
Tyranny, I say!
I've enjoyed my last week back to speaking at conferences and meeting and hearing from some amazing devs at &amp; and now it's time for Come find me or for some stickers &amp; to talk about your thoughts on CI/CD and what you're working on!
Today's Image of the Day: Baffin Bay, Greenland: A Historical Perspective -
Yeah, the defense is back to the porous unit from 2 years ago. Need to shore that back up or else we are going to have to score 40+ to win.
RT Congratulations to Jason Sudeikis on winning Best Actor in a Comedy for ⚽️ If you haven’t yet watched this…
RT Roy Kent can finally crack a smile tonight! Congrats to who wins the #Emmy for Outstanding Supporting…
RT Privilege privilege privilege #TedLasso
RT Shower thought: now that most folks in the US want to work more from outside of the office, how about we invest in modernizin…
I echo this for me. I have the larger which doubles as a backpack suitcase, and great for 4 day trips (me at least), but hard for a backpack. The regular Peak Design’s are really great for all-around backpack.
You… you are the bestest
Timeline cleanse to start the week right
RT There is no other conservative party in any other Western democracy on earth that I can think of in which candidates put o…
OMG!! Congrats!
Never meet your heroes 😂🤣
No one likes you.
Free time and unlimited vacation.
Yeah that's what really pisses me off about this whole messaging.
Gonna go out on a limb here and suggest, I don't know maybe stop shooting people? On the surface this idea sounds good, but when you explore it - that means someone _has_ to have two copies of ID (one for car, one for them) and insurance - and keep one in plain site to be stolen.
So many questions.....
So disappointed I missed this talk! I'm sure you rocked it though!
Windows 2.1
I have one question. "How can I get some of this?"
RT will take #DevOpsDays #Houston 2021 audience on quick journey in his 🔥 #ignite talk: down memory lane to a…
RT The Social Network
Hey get your own food. This is mine, and it's delicious!
With a really rough loofah
Thanks to those who attended my "What a global pandemic can tell you about better DevOps practices" talk at #kcdc2021, and as promised here are my slides.
And as was TFG's modus operandi (and of all authoritarian toddlers), fire someone until he finds someone who'll do his bidding unquestioningly
RT We did it! was a SMASHING SUCCESS welcoming over 350 people 🥳🥳 To bootstrap an entire experience from a tweet…
Like, wow! After all these years, it took you coming to KC 🤣😂
RT You cannot experiment if your code is not covered by automated tests
I of course approve this message, but you're 100% correct
Ran into a wild here at #kcdc2021. Finally!
RT Stalin did this "Patriotic Education" stuff, too.
This girl is Legend.
RT Join CircleCI for DevDay as we walk through building a continuous delivery pipeline, and learn how our CI/CD platform ca…
RT Jeremy Meiss talks about "What a global pandemic can tell you about better DevOps practices" at #kcdc2021
You as well!
Today's Image of the Day: Air Taxi Flight Testing -
No lie... Best conference ever. And next year is going to be even better. Awesome value for speakers and sponsors too, with some awesome conversations and a captive audience.
With #renderATL down, it's time for
Shout out to the team, &amp; especially, for dropping the only conference to combine tech &amp; culture in an inclusive way, that even some dweeb like me (this video shows my utter dweebness) felt at home. Amazing talks, food, music, etc. The bar has been raised.
Lyft driver: Where are you? I've never been to where you're at. There's nothing there. Me: Well, I'm from out of town. It's a business park. That's all I got. Lyft will guide you right to me. Driver: I've lived in ATL and driven ride share. Nothing over there... Oh there you are.
RT Daniel Salloi for MVP, RT if you agree. #SportingKC
COMPUTER ABS!!!
Florida.
And don't forget to enter our raffle to win the Sony headphones at Giveaway is around 3p.
Thanks to all who came to my #cicd talk yesterday. I've had some requests for slides, so here you go #RenderATL
RT Confirmed for 2022
Today's Image of the Day: Diana Trujillo: From Colombia to Mars -
Boom. Got my tixs already!
You are gonna want to get those tickets!
Ahh, the pure joy there! 🤩
RT Great talk and explanation of CI/CD and the DevOps lifecycle! #RenderATL
Thank you, immensely.
RT sharing the knowledge about CI/CD! Automation is key, fail early and often! "Do not automate everything" Focus on…
I'll be there Thursday! Can't wait to connect with you all. #kcdc2021
Class act #CR7 #MUFC
I appreciate your confidence... First in-person talk in 18 months, I don't know how I'm going to handle it 😆
Oh I want that
I've missed this so badly. I'm in tears.
If you know anything about me, you know I'm an emotional person. I'm at my first in-person conference in 18mo, and the opening ceremony has my eyes leaking. I've missed this so much. I've need it so much. Thank you for kicking this off right and with topnotch safety.
This. Is. The. Way. #RenderATL
Somebody has to since you're so quick to accuse the good boy
Today's Image of the Day: Raja Chari Trains for SpaceX Crew-3 Mission -
RT Stop by our booth and say hi at today! Then catch Jeremy Meiss ( CircleCI's Director of DevRel &amp; Commu…
Tormenting Raiders fans at a bar in ATL is hilarious
Counting on it
Yep.
Already been done and then some
Conference speaker outings are back, baby! / #renderATL
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHELBY!!!!!!
RT leaving this behind for future tenants to find and freak out
Today's Image of the Day: Landsat 9 Spacecraft Moved Into Position for Encapsulation -
This has it all. Brass. Amazing vocals. Rage.
I'm hooked already
Geez I just read the threads... What the hell is wrong with white dudes in tech?
Hey I gotta meet him first
Yeah, from Manchester United. Been a fan of his for years.
RT Write a haiku about/to anti-vaxxers and anti-maskers.
RT if you’re alive you’re twice as likely to have a heart attack than if you’re dead
Wait, that's a thing?
RT It takes over 4 hours to read the names of all the victims killed on 9/11. It would take 37 days to read all the names of th…
Yeah and she talked about how that was a scene that went a bit far
Hmm that sounds intriguing. Usually just put raisins but that sounds like an interesting mix
Finally. My first conference trip in 18mo is happening. Heading out to #RenderATL and then back for #kcdc2021. Could not be more excited and ready. #MaskedAndVaxxed
On the Linux Desktop of course
What am I looking at?
I don't know how anyone could be confused about this.
Looks like a good night out! Look forward to finally meeting you (at least Chris?) at RenderATL!
So you _did_ use one in your professional life! 🤣😂
So is defining "professional life"
RT I wasn't going to tweet today, but... had stories on vaccine/testing mandates, and then the Texas fights ag…
RT Not to shock the libertarians out there, but the federal government has been regulating against the workplace spread of airb…
Right? Doesn't she know those are quality monitors?
Well done
RT The 43rd President of the United States of America stood on some of this nations most hallowed ground today, on the 20…
The true path to success in parenthood
Makes sense... Keeping your options open for end result. Kinda like open ended OKRs.
OH 13 yo: "I got a wheel for Forza, I know how to drive."
RT Never forget.
RT JESSEEEEE!
And now 6 assists for Pogba
What a strike from on another assist from Pogba!! #ManUtd #GGMU
The 🐐 does it again. #CR7 #ManUtd #MUFC VIVA RONALDO
What a #9 should always do, being around the goal. Didn't overstrike it, just calmly put it in.
RT SIIIIIUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
RT WELCOME BACK, #MUFC
RONALDO GOOOAAAAALLLLLL! #CR7 #MUFC #MUNNEW
LET'S GO! #MUFC #ManUtd #CR7
Today's Image of the Day: Remembering Sept. 11 -
RT Cristiano Ronaldo is back at Old Trafford. 🔁 (via
RT 𝗛𝗲'𝘀 𝗵𝗲𝗿𝗲 👀 👋 #MUFC | #MUNNEW
RT Ahead of Cristiano’s return to Old Trafford today, here’s an extract from an article I wrote on him in 2012. It perfectly sums…
RT Ronaldo fever around Old Trafford 👀
RT Today we honor the nearly 3,000 men, women, and children who died on September 11, 2001, and the heroes who have always ru…
Phenomenal episode. Thank you.
I've seen it at least 4 times now, and that #MatrixResurrections trailer gives me hope that it will be a solid movie. #Matrix
That episode... 😲❤️😥💔
RT "Have at it... That's the blunt message from President Biden today to members of the Republican Party who seem particularly…
Your chance to tell your story and get some swag!
Hey I agree with Emily... One actually went out of their way to compliment my hair colour. We are bestest friends now. I imagine.
RT This year's #CascadiaJS is going to be so big and so awesome, it's hard to fit everything that we're putting together for y…
RT There'll be a hiring panel or two at this year's #DevRelCon. If you're hiring for #devrel roles and want to take part,…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA’s Orion Spacecraft Completes Milestone for Artemis III Crew Module -
Oh, you're Pro-Choice I see? #hypocrite
RT Carrie-Ann Moss and Keanu Reeves taking an intense smoke break while filming the first Matrix. we all smoked this aggressivel…
You are such an asshole. You know that vaccine mandates work, because we mandate them in places like schools (and no more outbreaks of polio, mumps, etc) and WHEN YOU JOINED THE NAVY!!!
Oh Tim I'm so sorry! 😥
I'm looking forward to be presenting at in Chicago in December. I'll be speaking on "What a global pandemic can tell you about better DevOps practices". Come and see me and other great speakers! #DeepDishJava #Cloud #Java
Biscuit has had it with this week
Yeah I figured lol
Every timeline needs a little SPLOOT
Today's Image of the Day: Mary W. Jackson: Celebrating Leaders From Historically Black Colleges -
If true, did not see that coming... 😂🤣
RT "His 1st night home from the shelter, he finally finds his forever home and his own boy."
RT Pepi to the rescue 🚂🇺🇸 The comes from behind to defeat Honduras and picks up a huge 3 points on the road
Same thing as versus Canada.. defensive hole abounding
RT A night picture from the Cupola: sometimes star lights battle it out with city lights for who’s the brightest and more beau…
Obviously B, followed by C, then A.
It might get the kubernets though. I'll show myself out.
Kicking off this week with a coffee that's from its birthplace, Ethiopia. This Wolisho &amp; Kurume varietal natural processed coffee from via truly gives off the cherry tones in the cup, and the orange blossom while grinding.
RT Dev Advocate from will cover the why’s, the what’s, and the how’s of setting up a CI/CD pipeline and mak…
RT if you want to create a community, you have to actually give a shit. you're not supposed to use a group of people to moneti…
I grew up in the opposite, and went through some stuff before figuring it out later in life (wife grew up viewing money responsibly), but now totally debt free and it's amazing how quickly all the companies descend on you
I see you're getting into character for your role as Ragnar
Today's Image of the Day: Apurva Varia: Studying the Heat of Our Sun -
Yeah, there's a reason the it's commonly called the "I like debt score"... The amount of junk mail and "incentives" they push to get you to do things to get your credit score up is insane!
RT Look, my face is doing an explainer for the new webhooks feature!
I deserve that
RT Today my 11 year-old strategized w/ her drama class how to barricade 6 doors in the auditorium against an active shooter.…
Strong case could be made for the present Me being in the same boat
That's the truth
RT What is observability vs monitoring, tracing, and logging? Find out in the newest episode of The Confident Commit podcast tom…
Amazing! 🤩
I am beyond excited for the return of #DevOpsDaysKC TODAY!!!
OH: I'm very particular with my Decaf coffee
OH: I went down the aisle to "Take Me Out to the Ballgame"
OH: Jenkins is terrible. I like Hudson instead.
RT Thanks again to for sponsoring the amazing food trucks we have planned for #devopsdayskc Tickets still available a…
Fucks sake... This keeps happening and then they'll throw up their hands and go, "We have no idea why this happened! We aren't misogynists!", ignoring the whole problem.
RT This is giving such “female character as written by men” vibes. Why is she so obsequious and flirty? Mega ick.
RT #DevOpsDaysKC is happening #Soon! Do you have your tickets yet? Last chance!!!
It's always DNS. Unless a printer is involved, then it's the printer. And DNS.
Woohoo! A new Czarcuterie!!!
Last night's #SNL with #MayaRudolph is so fucking good! The "Teacher PSA" and "British Cavemen" bits have been top so far
"Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine."
"Have you tried Rust? You wouldn't be in this position if you refactored to Rust."
Fuck yeah. "Life" is so fucking good, and yeah the ending is legit.
I wasn't talking to you
Fair point. I would love if it were with you lot again... Fancy a get together?
On point
I have on my personal calendar "Lunch" tomorrow. My past self didn't put down who with (or even if it is with _anyone_), nor where, probably assuming that I would remember when the time came. I was wrong. I don't know what I'm doing.
Now I want tacos, more than I usually do
Yeah, I bought new jeans, a couple of button up casual shirts, and some band t-shirts 😆. I think I'm set.
Come join me at #DevOpsDays Houston as I turn the page back to when I was a *gasp* Sys Admin. #HoustonDoesDevOps
Only the bestest team
RT DX Audits - A Framework for Developer Advocacy "As DAs, we're tasked with helping developers be successful, but how we do…
RT Getting too attached to your opinions means you miss better ideas
Today's Image of the Day: Trans-Sonic Truss-Braced Wing May Help Reduce Fuel Consumption -
Oh yes, and if you're pulling a lot, the heat of the grinder, the espresso machine, &amp; the 5G signals add extra parameters. And that's not even taking into account each roasting batch of the same bean, &amp; each different roaster of the same varietal. I love it. Miss it often.
Oh I just remembered the other show I listened to… the original “The Shadow”. It was soo good.
Ahh, yes. Loveline. Such a terrible show now that I look back. Also, I doubt any of this is helping, Emily. Sorry.
LOL yesss. I remember my grandpa giving me an old AM radio with a small speaker and I would “go to bed” and turn on the radio to listen to AM 810 here in KC at night when they would play the old radio shows, like “Dragnet,” and “The Green Hornet,” and “The Twilight Zone”
I was never really a good sleeper, about 6hrs max even as a baby, and my mom was not a fan. It wasn't uncommon for me to "go to bed" and then read 1-2 books throughout the night and never sleep. Eventually my parents stopped fighting it and I just had to be in my room.
Pretty much this. Occasionally my comfortable jeans.
It's been a weekend
Yep. Nice brick on the outside ☺️
Sure.
RT "How much assumed knowledge is enough?" by #DEVCommunity
People-watching at Joann's is dramatically more enjoyable when you put alcohol in your 32oz Hydroflask
This is good management advice. I wish more took it.
And now the ribs and roast are out and resting for the next hour or so. Going to be some good food!
Added BBQ sauce to the country style ribs and then put them in an aluminum pan. They have a nice crust on them, and a taste test was perfect. I added some sauce to the top of the roast, and then put in some beer brats (skin and no skin) to round out the meat offering today.
They've been in the smoker at 225F for the last 3 hours, and should be ready in 3 more
The next prep was the pork shoulder which I cut up into 1 - 1 1/2" thick slices and then covered with mustard and a spicy rub and into the smoker..
First up prep was for the chuck roast which I injected a warm mix of butter and the rub from and then covered with molasses and added the rub and into the smoker at 225F
Today's Labor Day meat smoke in the is a 3lb chuck roast and country style pork shoulder ribs
Amazing.
RT There’s a lot going on in the world…but we still must eradicate racism.
6 days and 18 hours until my first conference trip in 550 days. I'm so excited and ready, but can't help holding my breath
Literally was on my old business cards
Just one more day left for a ticket to #RenderATL!
RT When I was little, in the 1950’s, polio was rampant. Kids died. Kids I went to school with had braces on their legs. It w…
Give it to me
Oh FFS
OH in my kitchen: "Forks are for people who have patience."
I take it you have a hard time with reading and image comprehension
RT Dear 📌Just caught yer spot on COVID and Biden's "problems issues grappling with it." 📌Didn't hear ONE SING…
RT in order to believe women, you must first be listening to women.
I feel like the rips in the jeans already did that?
RT I will never understand people that rail against capitalism but blame the workers and not the capitalists
RT You don’t need to explain a tweet to the person who wrote it. You can just not respond. It’s really ok.
RT If americans cared about the ingredients of literally anything as much as they do the vaccine we’d be the healthiest country…
Next thing you know, they'll be saying "f*ck your convictions"
They're really good with their insightful retorts it seems.
Seems they have something up their *ass
Yep
It's not often that I can compare the same coffee from two different roasters, back-to-back, but that was the case this past week. This Kenya from was a bit more rounded and flavorful than last week's. Thanks to for sending just when I ran out!
RT expand the court, put lyft on the bench
RT We hear you're not supposed to ship on Friday, but how could we wait to let everyone know about Opportunity Scholarships fo…
Generally acts as a barrier for whatever is wet that you put on the sandwich, i.e. ham, so that the bread doesn't get soggy. Also works when you put mayo on for the same reason.
Whatever the answer ends up being, I did this last week for the first time and it was life-changing, and I have repeated it multiple times with the same effect.
RT **Year 2061** Grandchild: pop pop, can you explain what it was like living in 2020? Me: sure! *kick*
Nice when we don't have to deal with Brownback bullshit bankrupting the state and education and social services. #ksleg
And definitely should work. Have done more than my fair share of hacks like that over the years, and for basic usage it's probably fine.
RT Listen up MAGAs. Dyin’ from a brutal respiratory disease while there’s three safe, free vaccines available don’t make you…
Today's Image of the Day: Mars Perseverance Rover Gathers Rock Sample -
RT When people say #blacklivesmatter, it's not that Black lives matter *more* than other lives, it's that they don't matter *le…
Today's Image of the Day: Mars Perseverance Rover Collects First Sample -
QT a GIF of the first artist or group you saw in concert. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers Sandstone Amphitheater Bonner Springs, KS August 4, 1999
You. You are awesome.
Women more than deserve equal pay
Happy Birthday dear friend 🎉🎂
COVID just seems to follow the path of least resistance, pure stupidity, and utter ignorance
Jokes on him. It's Wednesday.
RT Male Reporter: Why does Pres Biden support abortion when his Catholic faith does not? Pres Biden believes that it's…
RT Everyone start with zero members in a community. Stop judging. Start building a community.
Pretty much nails it here.
Excuse me, WHAT? Even as far back as working at Sprint in the Ought's, that was never the case. What piss poor companies do that?
RT Webhooks are here! With webhooks, you can receive notifications about events that happen within CircleCI to better customize…
RT I’m not saying things are perfect, but it has been more than a year since a U.S. president gassed his own people so he cou…
Today's Image of the Day: On Approach to the Space Station -
Ugh that's very disappointing. What a waste of a few good hours. At least you got some good tweeting time in.
Well done. Way to make that $2.45.
Absolutely. You can control everything in the process and it's all you and your expertise.
Exactly my issue with for years now. The GQP is organized &amp; keeps their members in line to vote the party line, while Dems split into 5 diff directions &amp; nothing actually gets done that the people want, &amp; then the people vote them out because of that. Rinse. Repeat.
RT Guns, Healthcare, these were all test cases. The goal of the GOP for 40 years has been to reverse Roe v.s. Wade AND des…
RT Texas: Mask mandates? Hell no. You can’t tell us what to do with our bodies. This isn’t a police state. Also Texas: So women’s…
I truly miss those moments pulling espresso shots with a long line waiting on me
Great write up by about CircleCI webhooks "Creating integrations, dashboards, notifications, and more using webhooks"
RT The ACLU on vaccine mandates: "... vaccine mandates actually further civil liberties. They protect the most vulnerable am…
Here for this
This looks like an awesome birthday present for me. Thanks!
RT The Supreme Court has ruled it can't stop Texas because it, the Supreme Court, doesn't know what the law is.
RT Gov Greg Abbott now: “Texas safeguards the 2nd Amendment. Texans who legally own a gun are now allowed to carry it in public.…
Which is why, when my doctor asked if I wanted the cut ends burnt or just left I said, "YEP! BURN EM!"
While good, those are far from the best in KC, and Jack Stack is just meh these days. Q39, Joe's KC, and Slaps are the top, with Woodyard right behind
Yeah, I had heard that it was "elective" for years, but insurance paid all of it except for the $20 copay. And that was 14 years and 2 weeks ago. Side note: next time we're all in person I'll have to tell the story of how all of KC knew I had the procedure.
RT 💣DAMNING REPORT—CDC analysis says Florida is seeing the worst #COVID19 surge of the pandemic. ➡️But as cases ballooned in A…
After seeing #Ronaldo's 2 goals tonight (1st to set Intl Men's record, 2nd a stoppage time win), I remarked to my oldest, "No one is better with his head than Ronaldo." He paused, thoughtful, &amp; in the driest possible way w/ a straight face, responded with "Felaini". #soccer
I mean, it could be worse!
Oh that looks amazing! Would love some of that.
Yes, I know I'm a nerd. You don't have to tell me.
Obligatory tweet...
Uh. What???
That's terrible! So sorry Tim 😥. Hope he recovers soon!
RT Some kids pranked a school board meeting on some Bart Simpson shit and I am crying!! 😭😭😭😭
I feel this so much 😥❤️
RT With less than two weeks until #RenderATL, and 🎟 all sold out, we have 3 full passes to give away! Between now and Mon Sept 6…
Needs to be an alias now?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
People doing the rigging _and_ those who allow it to happen.
Yep. It's maddening.
How can they vote for more Dems when the system is being rigged against that as we speak? Things can be done in parallel... It's not an either/or.
Oh they definitely aren't dead, and some are even returning. They _won't_ be back to what they were (IMO), but we will see more attempts at hybrid to accommodate, and conferences who said it wasn't viable to stream their talks before the pandemic will start to.
THANK YOU FOR UNSUBSCRIBING. WE WILL REMOVE YOU IN THE NEXT THIRTY DAYS
Shitty legislation always gets written, but getting passed requires participation. They were feckless and came back when they didn't need to. It's on them.
RT Very relatable female octopus content to start your day 🐙💥🐚🐚🐚
But are you sure you want to leave them?
RT I’m so glad it’s gauche to wear white after Labor Day; the Klansmen will put away their robes and go back to wearing their p…
RT We decided to bring in some extra help to ensure the continuous quality of our conference passes all our tests ✅ 😏 Welcom…
Today's Image of the Day: Johanna Lucht: Engineer Extraordinaire -
RT "In all of my studies of authoritarian regimes, I have never seen a country that attempted to memory-hole a coup. But th…
Ya’ll sadly mistaken. We’re in a Service Merchandise.
Ali this is terrible and I'm so sorry this asshat shat out this nonsense.
I have seen this happen sometimes with the Google Assistant call screening
I however have a Pixel 5 and have virtually no issues, and I love it. The only issue I have is it struggles switching from 5G to LTE at times, and so network hangs a bit. Simple fix there is to set it to LTE only when you know you're in a pocket of low 5G
Where were you when the _actual_ deal was being made? Licking and shining the former guy's boots? You're so full of the former guy's sh*t from having your head up his ass.
I mean, at that point you might as well just be the MC and offer standup bits in between speakers
TFW a conference selects all _THREE_ of your CFP submissions.. for a 2 day conference
You sleep _after_ transfer deadline day.
I will invest in all of her schemes.
So thankful to call you a friend, appreciate you, and glad you're here!
Ahh Encarta. That's my generation.
Noise cancelling headphones are amazing.
I evidently type with cackling laughter, so this makes me happy
RT Today is the last day to submit to be a #CodeMash speaker! This is a fantastic opportunity for new speakers. I'd especially lo…
A gang up you say? 🎉
Sad, but preventable
Yeah I'll definitely take a look
Congrats Brandon! This is great news!
Today's Image of the Day: Hurricane Ida As a Category 4 Storm -
Ronaldo was signed as a striker. James is anything but, and never made progress after his first half season. He was going to be behind Sancho and Rashford for playing time, and wasn't a viable alternative for either. 4x+ return on money spent for James is good business.
RT For Sir Alex ❤️ #MUFC | #RonaldoReturns
RT ❤️ #MUFC | #RonaldoReturns
That does explain my friend situation
Much less merit being a thing
Like, it never fails. They'll self-identify all on their own
What an asshat
RT My dudes, I don’t know if you know this, but Twitter has this cool feature where you don’t actually have to run your mout…
Phone Booth
Cross between a 3 and a 6
This is amazing.
Did someone say "Drama?"
Spot on. I love the West, but signal has always been a challenge when needed, though this last trip we took was _much_ better. The need to drop app devs in areas of low connectivity (none) and then tell them to create their app is spot on. Build for the least common denominator.
RT At this point, with the amount of unvaccinated deaths, the delta variant should be renamed the "fuck around and find out" varia…
Today's Image of the Day: Brilliant, Hot, Young Stars Shine in the Small Magellanic Cloud -
Right? It's like saying "Just kidding!", or "I was going to say _______, but I didn't".
OH: "Apparently it's rude to poke someone in the forward and say 'Skip Intro' when they start talking to you."
RT Sigh. you know I respect you tremendously, but clearly you’ve never been harassed, gaslit, sexualized, discrimin…
Dammmnnn... And cheap!
I just saw this on the news last night... I'm buying out the Big Lots near me
I was going to ask about the 7 Dwarfs beds
Is that Boebert?
Seems like the best coping mechanism is to live tweet the process of unpacking 40 pairs of jeans
Just found out Creme Savers candy is coming back. 🤩🎉 O. M. G.
I've used them with quality coffee and they're better than the default, but not great that's for sure.
Also wouldn't consider that coffee....
RT One takeaway from Jim Jordan and Matt Gaetz calling and begging Trump to tell the rioters to stand down on Jan 6 is that t…
I agree with this
FFS...
Tell me you don’t know what you’re talking about, without saying you don’t know what you’re talking about
What have I become
RT I just saw this again, and so I’m obliged to tweet it. Apologies, but that is the law. So say we all.
MASON! #WOLMUN
Ole relies too much on "loyalty" to a player to try and get them into form, and lacks the ruthlessness to bench them
And of course Fred stays, VDB sits, and Martial (?) in (-_- )ﾉ⌒┫ ┻ ┣ ┳
What did they expect you to order? 🚬 flavoured honey mustard?
He's so consistently stubborn and inconsistent
Mike Dean gonna Mike Dean #WOLMUN
Speed round dump of an anti-vaxxer via
Preordered.
Wife, when seeing Solskjær interview before #WOLMUN match "He just hasn't changed that much since the Gerber commercials." 🤣😂🤣
Why VDB doesn't start in place of Fred after last week is beyond me
A mistake in not starting Van De Break here. Fred was at his usual erratic last week and the team suffered. But overall a strong lineup. #MUFC
This certainly must be your code phrase... Where do we send help?
RT 🔥🔥🔥 FREE KICK FROM JOHNNY F'N RUSSELL! #SportingKC
Yep. I always judge for myself.
Same thing here I've been saying all of this, and it's good to see others noticing.
Yep. This show is so good, and S2 is every bit as good as S1.
Mmmm describe please
Or consumer cellular
Which means he'll choose Cricket.
Yeah it's pretty solid
Makes sense, but no.
Name this movie: "Put your trust in the Lord, your ass belongs to me"
RT Save the Date! CONNECT TECH is Nov 18-24 in Atlanta. If you hurry you can the Blind Bird pass (until May 26) for $295 👀 T…
How else are you going to make sure they get from one place to another?
Not wrong.. but also.. 🤔
Post the last song you listened to, no cheating
Definitely interested. I would be down.
RT it turns out southwest DOES have first class
RT If someone gets on twitter saying they can show you how to make a million dollars and all they offer is a website or a newslett…
Wow.
This sounds fun
RT Happy 30th birthday to The Blue Album! Read a special note from Karl below #karlscorner We’re working on a special release to…
RT Today marks 30 years of The Blue Album. To celebrate, check out my original home demos on Weezify—the app I made for a CS…
RT If your user experience is stuck in the past I’ve got bad news so is your security almost assuredly in my experience.
Yeah I think I took being a thing as for. I get what you're saying
Hell yes.
Just because Hackers came out in 1995 doesn't make it a movie for Millennials, who were younger than 16 at the time. The prime audience was GenX, and it had all sorts of GenX cultural references.
Just finally saw PREY (completely forgot...) and it's fucking amazing
RT Are you an Open Source maintainer? If so, I have a Pro coupon for you! DM me for details :)
Shut. Up.
Even when we could go places, I rarely had issues. And since I always use a dual SIM phone, I would just get a EU-local SIM once I ran out of free LTE while roaming Intl. In the US their coverage is _really_ good except for the really remote places where VZW still reigns.
I've been with T-Mobile for quite awhile now, and have most of the benefits of Fi without the worry of it being cancelled (though I don't see that happening, and have heavily contemplated switch to Fi)
#RIPCharlieWatts
RT A mostly white board voting to opt out of fed funding for free school meals in a district where Black and Brown students…
RT Happy weekend everyone! As you start your weekend, if you're a Product Marketer looking for a new gig, we've got a great po…
RT
RT Great—my horse has worms and the pharmacy is out of everything except COVID vaccines.
RT Welcome 𝗵𝗼𝗺𝗲, 🔴 #MUFC | #Ronaldo
This #TedLasso was fantastic. Great tactical move
Very interesting move... Not the signing we needed to round out this window, but very interesting.
Today's Image of the Day: Prepping the Europa Clipper's Propulsion Tanks -
Yeah that whole thing took a turn when it was mentioned that the butter is to act as a moisture barrier so you don't get soggy bread...
Yeah I think I got my physical copy first as disks from a friend and then went out and bought the book
RT So that's how we ended up here. Ivermectin fans on Facebook, complaining about wait times and high drug prices, got f…
Taps the essence of my soul
RT Two things true: 1) The U.S. &amp; allies have evacuated 104,000 people from Afghanistan. 2) Thousands more -- including SIV…
Slackware Linux, from Volume 1 of the book that I bought at Borders Books in 1995.
RT Again, if someone didn’t think Ronald Reagan should resign over Lebanon, anything they say about Joe Biden should be ignored…
Hah! I do the same, using the Hand Mirror app for Mac
We're hiring a Director of Customer Marketing. If you enjoy working with teams across revenue, customer success, &amp; product to help shape &amp; drive an outstanding customer buyer experience, then this role may be perfect for you! Come join me here at CircleCI!
RT SOCIALISM ALERT: Greg Abbott got COVID and now wants to spread it around to everyone
It's adorable and you instantly know it's a bear with a honey pot! Great job Jr!
Today's Image of the Day: Paving the Way for Future Generations of Women in STEM -
RT Tomorrow morning! Join the #WomeninDevOps webinar, "The DevOps-ing Journey," featuring CircleCI's Direction of DevRel &amp; Commu…
Brewing a Kenya Gachatha from Case Coffee Roasters, via
RT another day of being a woman in tech
Great job!
RT 212 Republicans couldn't muster the moral compass to protect the right to vote, couldn't honor John Lewis' lifelong st…
Congrats! That's awesome!
RT I can feel the energy of this reply 😅
Yup. My rage is growing.
I feel like at this point someone needs to be
Surprisingly... 👇
RT pro tip: if you sat silent when Trump abandoned Syria and evacuated exactly zero of our Kurdish allies and handed over…
Excited to be a sponsor for gluecon! Look forward to connecting with you all in just a few short months!
RT Vaccine effectiveness. #TikTok
Join me tomorrow as I participate in this panel and talk about the different buzzwords in DevOps.
I tend to forget that I applied
They're correct.
Well done. That's a great move!
RT Mandy and Kathryn Patinkin are national treasures. Five minutes of love and kindness. Be kind. Pass it on…
Enforcement is the issue, and Raleigh has stated they won't enforce it but instead will try to educate people (copout answer - there's been plenty of education around the issue and it's been willfully ignored). So the question is still valid. In-person can happen safely.
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew 3's Water Survival Training -
. with the rising cases in North Carolina, will you be doing what so many other tech conferences have done and require proof of vaccination and require wearing of masks for all in-person attendees?
RT the FDA. has also fully approved. giving my forehead. a little smooch
Yup. I’ll be there and appreciate the steps the organizers are taking to make it as safe as possible.
RT Dudes. Don’t be this dude. Folks who encounter abuse on these platforms have made it abundantly clear that “just block”…
If you won't tell them, who will?
Grifter gotta grift
But who will protect them from you?
RT We're taking a summer break from #devopspartygames here in August, but in our absence you can catch up with any missed…
Right? I was as shocked as anyone
Ahh but I had a witness. My wife.
RT Let me say this loud and clear: If you are one of the millions of Americans who have said that you will get the shot when it had…
I was today told that I had been behaving. It's been 16,355 days since that was last said of me. Ever. #winning
RT This might be the best Venn Diagram I have ever seen...
Congrats Jen! More than deserved!
It will be entirely anecdotal
Going to need to see this peer-reviewed, and then run a lot of tests myself before I can make a ruling
Agree wholeheartedly. It's actually one of my top movies precisely because it exposes and sheds the light on toxic behaviors. But I never idolized any of the characters, who are all terrible.
Congrats! You're joining some great people!
OH: "Fruit is the universe's mistake"
RT Today, FDA approved the first COVID-19 vaccine for the prevention of #COVID19 disease in individuals 16 years of age and older.…
Today's Image of the Day: Station Commander Akihiko Hoshide Checks His Spacesuit -
💙 much love to you Kat. Take care of yourself and here for you!
Thank you for sharing all of this, and being so raw. I hope we can all meet sometime soon.
RT One other point as long as I'm flogging this dead horse. Sunday shows today have seen countless claims that this is a terrible…
Magic. Totally magic.
What's wild is Fred statistically is always rated high but is so erratic which fits with how everyone says he has "high work rate"
Wonders never cease
I have one scheduled
I mispronounced “Asiago” for years until my wife asked me what “ah-shway-go” cheese was
Easy. They're snoring in unison.
Typical lazy (Sun)day for these beagles
Of course #Toasters...
He would excel in Serie A... Inter Milan needs to snap him up
RT MASOOOOOON! #MUFC | #SOUMUN
More assists than he had in _all_ competitions last year! Let's go!
Fred needs to be gone, gone, gone.
And of course he's back on the pitch
Tweet of the match mate
Leg across the body from behind and knocking the player down is a penalty at any other time.. come on ref #SOUMUN
Let's go lads! #GGMU #MUFC #ManUtd
RT If expressing your "personal freedom" is getting people sick or killed—you're doing life wrong. Be a decent human being…
Wait, it's your birthday? 🎉🎊🎉🎊
At this point you might as well embrace the swarm....
RT It's soooo hard to land that first tech job these days. I'm at a loss for what more to tell those looking to break in. C…
What in the hell?
RT now, horrible as it is to contemplate, we need to find someone to help us fill Juliane's big shoes. if you or someone you kn…
RT I just found out that an awesome #devtool startup is ramping up their #devrel team. They're well-capitalized, have an awesome p…
Booked and ready. Confident in vaccine and mask requirements.
RT "Jeopardy" is a noun meaning "peril or danger." Here it is in a sentence: "My job is in jeopardy because of my past com…
Such great news! 🎊🎉
Ahh that time of year when Data Privacy required training courses roll around
RT Developer Experience: Devs Shouldn't Have to "Figure It Out" #spon #DevOps #developers
Today's Image of the Day: Night Turns to Day -
I've really enjoyed my Titan much more than my Herman Miller
RT I do not understand all the Twitch gaming streamers making fun of OnlyFans creators right now. All you do is play with…
RT Excited to see a new take on hackathons.... 👀
RT "All of this anti-mask, anti-vaccination hysteria is wrapped around a fundamentally flawed -- and irredeemably selfish -- concepti…
RT People sometimes seem confused by what we mean when we say white privilege. Well, today a congressman sympathized with a…
No, but my steam name is jerdogxda.
Oh my... gotta figure out which platform to download it on now
You're a fracking idiot. Does Biden need to insult your family in order for you to shut up? This is why no one likes you.
RT I don't want to live in a world where unruly airline passengers cannot be duct taped to their seats ht…
And after an hour, I find out (while still on hold) that I needed to call the prescription drug company not my insurance. FFS the US healthcare system is the worst.
Thanks! Same to you. Hopefully we will be able to meet soon.
Yeah usually not that bad, but the last 18 months has really amplified it
40 minutes in and I've tweeted a personal reflection thread... This is going well
Just something I'm thinking about while I'm on hold with insurance for 40 minutes
I was a weird kid, always feeling a little bit different, never quite feeling part of any "in-crowd". Being homeschooled from 4th grade on didn't help because all of my friends (neighbor kids &amp; church friends) hung out with each other at school &amp; I was the outsider.
I will never not get a little anxious that I'm "that guy" people include in their small groups, texts, chats, etc, and that I'm just someone nice to have around
It's been 23 minutes. I'm doing fine.
You can always test your resolve by combining your painkillers and then hopping on hold with your insurance company with their hold music playing the same 3 bar hook on repeat, and see who breaks first.
RT Do you use CircleCI for personal projects but want to convince your team to adopt it at work? This guide has some practical t…
RT How to be a #CommunityManager ? How to learn about building communities? One way is to take a training course! but which #C…
RT This guy definitely isn’t batshit crazy or anything. Periodic reminder that domestic extremism is still the number one…
RT Call for Speakers is open! :)
RT Gene Roddenberry would have been 100 years old today
I thought I had hidden all of my commit messages, but here we are
Today's Image of the Day: Star Trek and NASA: Celebrating the Connection -
Don't I know it...
Have you tried the Oxford comma?
RT Listen I have never seen a pitch that I needed with this urgency
Good to see stupidity knows no bounds 🤣😂
The one with your fingers on your forehead!
RT “What's the thing when you can't tell satire from reality again?” “2021”
Dang… that’s too real
4 APIs Doing Developer Experience Really Well | Nordic APIs |
Really great window into solid Developer Experience #community #devex #devrel "How We Design Our APIs at Slack" - Slack Engineering
About all that's left from this list is bank robbing.. you can still wear a mask to rob a bank in Mecklenburg County
RT By encouraging authentic two-way communication between your organization and your community members, you demonstrate that you listen and care about what they have to say on a human level #cmgr
Spot on 🧵
RT With everyone building communities now, it's never been more important to build communities that bring unique value. People don't need yet another community if it's not going to make a meaningful difference in their life.
Today's Image of the Day: A Ghostly Galaxy's Lack of Dark Matter -
RT
Congrats! This is amazing, and you're gonna crush it!
I was a few updates behind, but I'm up to date now
I'm getting some ideas of using the screen share feature in a talk sometime. The only problem is I can't draw. At all.
Oooohh... Updating mine now
Shorty really needs to stop using the cast iron
The Netlify CLI is awesome, and I've started using it with CircleCI and it works great!
RT Ask for feedback on your community and be open to suggestions to enhance your community management strategy 🚀 Demonstrate t…
RT Community-building tip from Be the first: • DM • follower • comment • to welcome them • to collab with t…
RT Now available for ACM Members: "Operations Anti-Patterns, DevOps Solutions," by Jeffery D. Smith ( Learn h…
RT The fact that the syntax for including an image in Markdown is impossible to remember is honestly the best example of why Markdo…
RT Interested in speaking at tech conferences? Check out this interview where I shared my story of how I got started. I a…
GET VACCINATED #MuFKR!
Yeah, once we started getting back out in person more we got colds too. Who knew that masks and social distancing worked?
Yeah I don't disagree in general. Messaging, and the way it's done, makes all the difference on that front I think. If you find out what your developers are looking for, and craft a message accordingly &amp; it resonates, you're marketing to them, and they're receiving it. ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
It's Tuesday. Only Tuesday.
Nerds Don't Respond To Marketing; Try Technical Documentation Instead | Hacker Noon
Today's Image of the Day: Illuminating the Night Sky for Science -
RT Afghanistan was always a lost cause, but the Biden administration should do everything possible to expedite visas for…
I've really had good luck with the CalDigit TS3Plus. A bit on the pricey side, but it's been solid for me.
RT Developer Advocates are the real 10x engineers. Don't @ me
Make sure to register for Code PaLOUsa! I'll be talking Friday 1:30p ET about better DevOps practices, and what we've learned about high-performing teams through a panini.
Yikes.. bot's got a premonition
RT My fall plans The Delta Variant
Even my brain knows this to be true
RT Let this sink in. The new ruler of Afghanistan was in prison until Trump let him out in 2018.
Current: Director, DevRel &amp; Community Past: Director of Community; Dev Community Lead; Developer Relations Director; Dev Community Relations I also put "Herder of Cats" on my business cards at a previous job
Yep. A common misconception these days is soap is bad for cast iron. It's a good thing we don't use lye-based soaps anymore 🤠😉
Timeline cleansing 🧵
RT #Scaling a community does NOT mean you were initially perfect and that all you need to do now is grow in size. It is a p…
I'm beginning to get the hang of spite-driven-tweeting in response to this
OMG CONGRATS Mia! 🎉 🐣
RT NEW: Scientists and doctors say the COVID-19 vaccines are safe and protective during pregnancy. Here, we address some commo…
RT ✨💖 This is so nice! No Python or R; but #JavaScript and #TypeScript are both currently supported. As you type, the Bl…
RT In this intermediate video, learn what an orb is and how to simplify your CircleCI configuration by incorporating orbs. Vis…
RT Friendly reminder that if someone views your successes as undeserved, or a threat to their success, that person is not yo…
The M1 is amazing
Yeah those are extremely handy if you can't put the food in the car
RT My Roomba app just prompted me to review the cleaning job the robot did, and Uber / Lyft / Amazon / Etc. have condit…
RT tfw you started a 20 year war and people are arguing whether to blame Biden or Trump
CONGRATS! You're joining a great team, and they're very lucky to have you!
Inspirational words to live by
It really is. Very wholesome, funny, and very much about loving your fellow human.
Some people need to DEFRAG.EXE their brains
RT Thinking about coding vs Coding
Today's Image of the Day: Star Formation in the Constellation of Gemini, the Twins -
RT And more to the point, doesn’t this yet again confirm the lie that we don’t have the money for universal healthcare or fre…
Welcome! It's great to have you!!!
RT Companies: Unfortunately, we need to cut your pay. It’s nothing personal, it’s solely based on your new cost-of-living.…
That's Scholesy-esque! Nice!
Lol so true!
I've seen each episode 3 times (except for this week's)... There's still a lot going on.
Ted's annoyance is all about that build up. You can see it in his sideways reactions to anything about therapy. Yes, the supportive characters are a bit sidelined (kinda - look deeper 😉), but even Roy and Keely has another arc in place, as does Stinky.
I am Jeremy, god of the week, bringer of my head. Fear me too Q.
The struggle and sorrow is right there, with hardly any subtext. Already touched on his disdain for therapy, his divorce and sadness, the team not winning and in danger of relegation _again_. All leading up to (prediction) a reality check for Ted at the hands of the therapist.
RT The New Era of Building Communities (free video) Last week I ran a special webinar in which I defined the five forces…
The promise of Javascript is to bring them all together, right?
RT If you haven’t subscribed to the newsletter yet, do yourself a favour and do it now. It’s a refreshing read wit…
I will walk OUT of a coffee shop if I hear them steaming milk. It'll tell me everything I need to know about what my experience is going to be "Happy milk is quiet milk"
It's such a deciding factor. I literally spent money out of my own pocket while at Sprint to bring in a coffee brewing set (french press, grinder, scale, top coffee).
RenderATL is a great TECH CONFERENCE, and I'm gutted I will have to miss it for the first time
Or that they were a failed NFT scam before they pivoted
RT using kubernetes to run your blog
It's been so good
This is an awesome feat from the Kubernetes team and community! Read more on the what and why from Kaslin
Here's the video from my talk at #ossummit #cdcon
RT Couldn't make it to #cdCon 2024? Here's the event wrap up including talk recordings! 🔴
I did, but largely because I grew up listening to it and my Mom's name is Barbara
Fight or flight instinct was activated
In our next-to-last planning session for #DevOpsDaysKC, I was reminded of this classic, fucking horseshit from
RT Tickets for #DevOpsDaysKC are going FAST, and we're a week away!! You're not going to want to miss an amazing lineup of s…
RT Join me at DevRelCon July 18-19 for "The DevRel Guide to Serious Business" and gain insights to link technical skills wit…
RT gm mutuals who make video content for devs on twitter! if you're interested in doing some sponsored video content lmk 👀
RT If you are trans and you are a member/user/contributor of cloud native communities or technologies, and you don't mind, please…
RT Automate your releases with CircleCI and the GitHub CLI orb
This is an amazing transformation Tim. ❤️
If he's been in the "industry" for so long, it's obvious there are some things he's learned and other's he has not - like saying, "I'm sorry," or "I was wrong."
Shitz?
RT Make no mistake; these people are the American Taliban. #maga, indeed.
I mean, they look like small glasses to me. ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
"The most important API metric is time to first call" by
RT Hey peeps, if you have 3-minutes I could use your help. First, please retweet this post. Second go to:
Great idea! Let me know if you need help 😜
"How to Boost Engagement with Community Rituals" by
Can you help me with my printer?
RT 📺Community Success Metrics - and join to discuss co…
"Making the Case for Community Research" by
I'm in all of these tweets.
Quote tweet this with a picture of yourself as a kid (or two).
Solid.
RT Hey Republicans, If you don’t need a mask because God will protect you. Then why do you need a gun? #KidVicious🤔
RT Football. Is. Back. 🤩 #MUFC | #MUNLEE
RT FRED FOR FIVE! 🖐 #MUFC | #MUNLEE
A good coffee for the start of #PremierLeague from SK Coffee via
RT Luke Shaw is the best left back in the world send tweet
LET'S GO! #ManUtd
RT You don’t need to have a huge follower base on social media to be in #DevRel. Just a curiosity to learn and a desire to hel…
RT [Tutorial] Learn how to use the CircleCI API to create a simple, personalized dashboard to monitor your deployment pipelines…
RT Report: Saying ‘Smells Okay’ Precedes 85% Of Foodborne Illnesses Annually
RT Nobody talks about the amount of psychology goes on in Developer Relations, It’s so draining but very effective.
RT I really try to be my best self, showing empathy and trying to be less reactive to unpleasant people. But I am out of fuck…
RT Dev teams need to spend time building out jobs, not configuring code for 100,000s of pipelines. Enterprises need their appli…
I once did that (on purpose) to impress a girl. Four years later we were married. I am of course drawing a correlation. Maybe it will bring the big monies.
Nope.
Right? No one ever goes there for the food (though the sopapilla's are _not bad_).. it's for the cliff divers, the campy sets, and the arcade buried in the bowels of the building.
RT ‘It Was a Different Time,’ Says Free Software Advocate Referring to Racist Comment Made Five Minutes Ago
RT We’ve just added built-in citation support to GitHub so researchers and scientists can more easily receive acknowledgments…
RT World’s Frogs Unveil 5-Million-Year Plan To Move Up Food Chain
RT there's subset of management that's all up in arms about the shift to remote work rn, because for them, power is about bei…
Don't snooze on this! Get your tickets!
Today's Image of the Day: Aurora Australis Lights Up the Sky -
RT *On the topic of privilege* No one ever *truly* appreciates that which is not earned. Character is not something you a…
The Onion with the pulse on workplace hiring
RT Update sucks.​html
Yes. Yes yes yes.
Wow, you're just come right out with that. I mean, you are correct - Miracle Whip isn't _real_ mayonnaise, but dang... 🤣😂
You probably watched up to when it ended on the former network, which did kinda seem like an ending? But no, it's been going strong.
Dang Twitter UI change giving us new excuses, er, explanations
I'm ready.
It's on its final season, but switched to NBC last year or so. Also, HOW DARE YOU!
. coming out of the gate hot
RT We’re all just trying to grab a little piece of happiness while we’re here, so don’t go shit on someone else’s
Yep, X-Force!
Deadpool 2 is one of the rare sequels that is as good, if not better, than the original
The self-own is powerful with them
Well feed them!
Am I the only one who gets a little choked up when Vanessa, at the end of Deadpool, starts hitting him and tells him to "Start talking!"? Or, is that just me?
Spot on 🧵 here from Cassidy. Options are pieces of paper that are really worth nil until the company goes public, relying on good, sound business decisions by the leadership (and more often than not, luck) - and then you have to come up with the cash to purchase them.
This is amazing. I've been going to Casa Bonita for _years_, whenever I can when in Denver. NO ONE goes there for the food, but it's an experience like none other. "‘South Park’ Creators Aim to Buy Casa Bonita, Restaurant Featured on Show"
And tomorrow I'll make toast.
No problem! Feel free to ping me around the CircleCI config =)
Two things: 1) I didn't know this was a thing, and :mind-blown: 2) I AM SO JEALOUSSSSSSS!!!!!
RT Baltimore Spares No One In Hysterical New COVID-19 Vaccine Campaign - Ginger ale is simply not the answer. h…
RT For many in the Trump base -- like some of the folks we met here this week at the Mike Lindell event in South Dakota -- getting…
RT Meet the Republican COVID friends.
So I misspoke.. it's an API call not a webhook ( As to my config, here's a gist:
I second this. If someone has the graphic I'll go make the stickers.
So you can initiate both via webhook calls, or you can use the Netlify cli to do the same. I built a CircleCI config to build my code and then deploy it via "netlify-cli".
Some good content for #Android #AndroidDev developers out there!
It is a bit awkward, and the "Follow" and "Following" button UI change is bonkers
RT STARTUP IDEA: an app that lets you illegally cuddle with the members of Metallica while they’re asleep. Call it Napster.
Yeah the list really just goes on...
Brilliant...
RT epic Twitter thread explains exactly why it's time for Covid-19 vaccine mandates.
This quote pretty much sums it up, and is hard to argue with the premise of the article: "VR is a bit like a rich white kid with famous parents: It never stops failing upward, forever graded on a generous curve, always judged based on its “potential” rather than its results."
Where did you get it?
Yes. Yesterday. They call it "Chirpy", and they made some other UI changes for "better accessibility". ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I know, you prefer cheesy fingers. It's the first thing I noticed years ago when I saw your keyboard in person.
Tim, I appreciate you. This is beautiful and true.
RT I mean... yeah. This.
I can't take all the credit for this though... blew my mind when they did it the first time!
Yes, it is me over here eating Cheetos with chop sticks. What about it?
This was my childhood 🤣😂. Sound on for the best effect.
Nice breakdown of APIs by the RapidAPI team!
RT Today we’re excited to announce that webhooks are in Open Preview. Webhooks are a highly requested feature that make it easy…
RT If the CDC recommended wiping your butt to prevent Covid, there would be anti-wipe protests tomorrow. Just people burning…
Oh that would have been a fantastic show!
Today's Image of the Day: The Lagoon Nebula Gives Birth to Stars -
RT "Placebo! The all-natural herbal remedy for aches, pains, and allergies. None of the harsh side effects you may experience f…
RT We can’t find common ground if your source of truth is Tucker Carlson. We can only meet in objective reality.
Wow Sasha! That's amazing! And good morning!
Yeah they were solid!
Yeah, it was a great show. They both sound like they haven't aged a bit.
. at
. at
Got to see two bands last night that have been on my list for years - and at the great Crossroads KC open air venue at
OH: What doesn't kill you... Mutates and tries again. #GetVaccinated #VaccinesWork
RT Ever wonder what it’s like to watch a camel get a full-body shave? These zookeepers at the London Zoo removed more than 12…
RT Quicken your time to market with these 5 best practices that enhance your team's CI/CD practice and shorten development cycle…
RT It's been on my list for years to curate a list of the best resources for #DevRel professionals: part FAQ, part checklist;…
RT . is hiring a few folks to help out the project, which is a pretty unique opportunity to help a great open sour…
Republicans in Topeka won't let her. Sadly, it's that simple.
RT [Demo] How to implement dynamic config using setup workflows. Use jobs and workflows to execute work and determine the work…
RT Out of 3.79 billion doses administered globally, only 1.1% of people in low-income countries have received at least one dos…
Standing location for #Monktoberfest going forward. Easily made into a commune in anticipation of the zombie apocalypse. I'm down.
Make sure to register for #kcdc2021 and then come listen to me talk about our learnings during a pandemic around better DevOps practices for software engineering teams
RT If there was a hot take I could banish from our culture, it would be: "&lt;person&gt; is an asshole, but super smart." I don't c…
RT Women: We just want men to stop raping and killing us. Men:
RT Racism has no regard for respectability. Sagging pants or suit. Senate or street. Reminder: My father was assassinate…
RT 🎟 Swag Survey 🎟 We’re making a list. Checking it twice. Going to tally votes and user advice. New CircleCI giveaways are…
RT America needs facts, not fiction, about the coronavirus. Dr. Fauci has consistently put public health first and fought th…
RT You are under no obligation to remain the same person you were a year ago, a month ago, or even a day ago. You are here to…
Today's Image of the Day: Behold! The Perseid Meteor Shower -
RT I built an orb integration for the CLI. It's now super easy to automatically test and release continuou…
RT It's not only piss-poor management to schedule project timelines that mean your engineers have to work overtime, but it's even…
#BidenDelivers
RT “Although Republicans were the party that prioritized character &amp; sexual morality, Democratic voters today hold their lea…
Looks amazing Sasha! 🔥
Don't push your days of the week on me! Also... This is what happens when you accidentally pause your Buffer and then forget.
_FINALLY_ a game for those long airplane rides!
Your weekend timeline cleanse
That's right.. who knew that Russia was a good place to visit on Independence Day? I'm sure there are a lot of pictures that he wouldn't want released from that trip, including some the experts at kompromat took.
Nah, Moran likes to exist in the darkness and only pop up when he can make some snide remark and then descend back from whence he came. He hasn't really protected anything other than corporate interest. I'm sure Ciciora Custom Homes and Koch Industries have enjoyed him though.
Ahh that is a solid Polish lager
How much spam you get
Wrong answers only David
Swag given out
Shitposting
Twitter followers
RT So now that Cuomo has resigned, Gaetz and Jordan should be too, right? And Trump won’t ever run for office again? Or d…
RT Just wanted to remind you that Republicans added $7 trillion to the national debt under the former guy, which is most of the d…
RT I thought this was a joke. It is not. And I am deeply concerned about our nation's culinary future
I thought every town you were in was "stephentown"?
Frogs in 3rd grade
Yes sir.
Today's Image of the Day: Cygnus Cargo Craft Slated to Launch to Station -
You never know you need something until that moment you're made aware of their existence.
Disgraceful. This is a lie and makes no sense in any realm of science or reality.
Let's see... He can't manage the energy or health for the people in his state, and consistently begs others to help. He's not very good at this.
Finger guns and a wink are always the default action for such hypotheticals
It does feel weird... But I think I'm getting the hang of it now.
This Costa Rica Tirra from Notion Coffee (via is a good start to the week, and solid when brewed over ice.
I am not, but want one, and of course they're out of stock
OH: "You can rent goats and ducks (for the bugs in your yard)"
OH: "It's now goat lawn mowing day" I'm obsessed with this
Happy Birthday Paul
Today's Image of the Day: Download NASA E-Books on National Book Lovers Day -
RT Arnold makes some excellent points.
RT Oregon and California are burning. Greece is burning. The entire planet is experiencing a major drought. Yet, as they conti…
Oh my..
Used to, but they always burned easier and weakened the eggs. So no longer.
No, I think it was better. This was just... Interesting.
This Jetta has so much character, I gotta fix the fabric!
So... #TheSuicideSquad is... interesting
RT This has made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a mistake.
RT Good morning, Twitter 😊
I don't sit in the back, so ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Yeah I was thinking of options. I have some thumb tacks, which is how my grandpa and father handled it in the past, but a hot glue gun is a good idea
This whole 🧵 is good, but this specific post rings out
My 2008 VW Jetta has reached old car status at 116,410 mi as the ceiling fabric has broken loose and now hanging down blocking my view in the rearview mirror
It took him this long to put the montage together? That's some dedication. Poorly activated, but dedication.
RT Any friends looking for a pivot from DevRel into partner ecosystem building? Or have PM+devrel experience? Really interestin…
RT Just putting it out there
RT STOP talking shit about different dog breeds: Golden Retrievers are GENTLE Corgis are INTELLIGENT Labradors are LOYAL Chihu…
Oh yeah! And much lower barrier to entry
Interesting! I appreciate the perspective.
RT
Right? Like that's skill. This is just teaching the horse to do something which they already basically do &amp; then holding on to make sure you don't fall off. And teaching them to prance and such relies more on having a receptive horse... And again, the horse is doing all the work.
Why is equestrian still an Olympic sport? The horse is doing all the work, and the only difference from the Westminster dog show is the animal is being ridden.
RT On August 6, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act. The mechanisms created by this landmark legislation ar…
RT Joe Biden has yet again added more jobs in a single month than Donald Trump - the “Jobs Jobs Jobs President” - did dur…
Post an image of yourself as the leader of an underground organization without downloading any new pics
I know it's an underground org, and therefore "secret", but can I join?
Imagine the awesomeness with coffee!
Today's Image of the Day: Juno Celebrates 10 Years With a New View of Jovian Moon Ganymede -
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY 🎉!!
Hah! Well my thinking is that if you identify what a "recurring relationship" is in your community context, the formula likely writes itself. In a broader sense, I think of the importance of having a way to track the lifespan of a cohort's involvement. (h/t
RT By the way, vaccination is not a "deeply personal decision." It is a routine public health requirement in a civilized soci…
What would you define as a "relationship" here?
And finished with "Everlong", one of my favourites.
They covered Queen's "Somebody to Love"
Oops. Oh well.
"Everlong" to close out an awesome night.
For the last 20+ years I have wanted to see and have always missed them, for one reason or another. Tonight, I saw them. Live. It was amazing, and very emotional. They started with "Times Like These" and the tears started, and they finished with "Everlong". ❤️😭
RT Just took my daughter to her Kindergarten orientation &amp; we had to show a vaccine passport for her admission. Let that sink…
RT Welcome to the Hall of Presidents, Mr. President! 🙌🏼
Very good thread on #CarOwnerVirus
Damn dude... I'll see what I can do
RT Texas LG Dan Patrick in 2020: Older Americans should volunteer to die for the economy Florida Governor Wrong DeSantis in 2021…
RT Programming is like baking a cake. Only difference is, the cake is on fire, the recipe is changing constantly, and why are…
Don't cheat, post your last selfie
👇👇 What Gareth said #DevEx
FFS... It's like telling a toddler "I'm going to count to 3" before some consequences happen... and then not following through and keep counting. They don't learn until there are consequences.
RT Suggested Read: Five Key Requirements for a Successful OSPO - Nithya Ruff Amazon #devopsish
RT What is the greatest hat in movies?
Post a selfie from your gallery, but turn it B&amp;W.
Racist piece of shit.
RT We had a very good feeling about this. May the 4th be with you, America.
RT #RidenWithBiden
You get the bestest shirts from
Perfection
One of the greatest threads in the history of threads.
At a dive bar/backyard in Austin and the 3 band, college rock lineup are all 90s influenced... The headliners sound so much like Hum I'm having flashbacks. #TheKidsAreAlright
Buy a Recteq you must
I love my - grill and smoke.
RT “Developer Experience is central to DevOps success” with #DevOpsDaysAustin
One of my favourite conferences to speak at, or just to attend.
Damn... That's quite a list.
RT ...WTF is Polywork? #polyworkpartner cc:
Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised though if they follow Kubecon's lead and mandate masks and vaccines. But then again, it's in Vegas. So ¯\(°_o)/¯
Well, he's doing a good job of making it Raccoon City
Absolutely. It's been good to be around the family a lot more, and my relationship with my kids has benefited. My wife did tell me early this year, "It's been great having you around, but I'm ready for you to go away for a bit."
RT There have been seven total women's football tourneys at the Olympics. Here's how have performed in each of them: 199…
I didn't expect to be outed so easily
But what if you pipe to /dev/null?
Today's Image of the Day: Curiosity Celebrates Another Year on Mars -
RT Forget hiring the smartest people. Focus on building a team that avoids drama, trusts each other, communicates frequently, c…
RT That's when sports and art combine. #SportingKC
So it _WAS_ DNS!!!!
Thanks, but yours is better.
Sounds an awful lot like tech bro VC consultants these days
Oh I don't go anywhere without it.
I will try not to be a letdown. But I make no promises.
That's not what the cash was for Gareth.
That's definitely ringing true
Gareth. You should know. You were there with me.
I booked my Houston flight as well!
Wait... Loofah sponges are _grown_?
RT This thread is amazing
RT GOP: stealing next election Dems: no don't GOP: if you win we're ignoring it Dems: join a bipartisan law to stop it? GOP: u…
RT The biggest error the country has made in 2021 is putting the burden of nonvaccination on the vaccinated. That allows Republic…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AARON!!! 🎉🎊❤️
Today's Image of the Day: The Menu Matters -
A very organic take here David.
Hey, the house comes with a ghost weed wacker!
Blame where blame is due. #vaccinateNow
I don't think I am prepared for this Chloe
RT gotta keep em vaccinated
Well, in that case.... I'll get a mask and watch it so I can bask in the anonymity
Ugh... I don't need this Chloe! 😂
Yep. Makes me jealous each time I think about it.
Never seen the show (my father is enamored with it), but :mind blown:
Yeah and I think that illustrates the issue, with public transportation in the US being terrible, with rare exception.
Train travel as an option in the US is pathetic. I could drive most places faster than I could take a train.
RT The white Missouri couple pleaded guilty. The Black Missouri man has maintained his innocence for 40 years. This is Am…
And Republicans rush through confirmation hearings
May I subscribe to your SoundCloud?
He seem fun
TikTok
Webinars
RT SCHOLARSHIP DROP ALERT 🚨 ! We're happy to award member today's scholarship from our…
RT Whenever you’re in a sticky situation, always think: “what would a pancake do?” It won’t help solve anything, but it sure is funn…
RT if you're an accessibility advocacy group and you're bullying someone to threats of suicide for not doing accessibility…
It's really hard to argue with these 3... So I won't, largely because I don't want you to hurt me.
"If it ain't broke don't fix it" has worked for white dudes in tech and leadership for literally millenia
Today's Image of the Day: Illuminating the Next Launch -
Spot on.
FFS North Carolina...
Yeah, and while that’s a bit sad, it’s hardly the same as your manager doing the same to you.
I genuinely am perplexed with this. My manager dropping a 1:1 on my calendar w/o context or heads-up is dramatically more anxiety-inducing given the power dynamic. A direct report dropping one on mine is completely different, and an opportunity for me to help them or do better.
I as well, and lifestraws are in the bag.
Look at you coming in with the solid advice!
I feel attacked
Need a bit more notice 😉☺️
I'm going to make one of these meetups soon
RT Pleased to see more Americans are deciding to get vaccinated. If you are vaccine hesitant because you don’t trust the govt, th…
YESS! Congrats!
Oh I'm down for this. Likely not the Pro (don't need a BIG phone, as the 5 is a great size), but I'll be getting this when it's out.
Today's Image of the Day: Rolling to the Launch Pad -
Wow! That's amazing! Congrats to you all, joining a great team that Jess is building!
RT As a survivor of internment camps, I can assure you that mask mandates are not comparable in the slightest.
YASSSSS!
RT MILES ROBINSON PUTS THE U.S. UP AGAINST MEXICO IN EXTRA TIME OF THE GOLD CUP FINAL 🤯 (via
GOALLLLLLLL! #USA #USMNT
Gotta hand it to - this is the best officiating of any #USAvsMEX match in the last half century
If ever there's a picture perfect example of when a red card should be given for a high kick it was just now, with Herrera hitting a #USMNT player in the back of the head with his heel #USAvMEX #ConcacafGoldCup
What's the over/under on how many times Mexico players choke a #USMNT player tonight during #ConcacafGoldCup #USAvMEX and the refs ignore it?
Thank you Heidi! Please let me know when you're through here next!
Ahh, feels like a slight return to "normal", when people start arguing/discussing about which airport is the worst.
Keeps you grounded, doesn't it?
Nah, I recognize KC sucks in general, though it's the easiest to fly out of.
Yeah, still O'Hare for me lol
LGA is _dramatically_ better over the last 2 years than it was.. but still not great.
To be fair.. I haven't flown through LAX in a few years, but had never had issues with flights being on time (in/out). With ORD I literally have never been on time. Ever.
O'Hare. No contest.
So excited for you!
Looking good!
🤩🍽️
Kicking off a new week with a really awesome Kenyan, Mwendi Wega AA from via
RT The sad, daily reminder of white privilege and systemic racism exists, and yet.
Sapphire, from Ion. It is awesome!
Another material witness for the #January6thCommission?? h/t
For more info:
This brings back memories from my upbringing...
This checks out.
RT "The more inconvenient we make life for the unvaccinated, the better our own lives will be. More important, the fewer who…
RT Overheard: “The irony of antivaxers saying they don’t want to be part of an experiment without realizing they are now the…
Ahh.. praising socialism to own the libs AND socialism. In one tweet.
All Things Open. Come with me Tim.
Playing Tag and Hide-and-Seek really did a number on him
Assuming things hold up... DOD Zurich, RenderATL, KCDC, DOD Houston, Monktoberfest, Kubecon, ATO
Uh... Damn...
RT On her IG stories, Simone Biles responds to people who think she “quit” on her team by explaining the “the twisties” she’…
RT RIP Amazing human being, wonderful colleague, brilliant, kind, generous. 😭 FUCK CANCER. the world is cr…
And finished with the haircut.
Today's Image of the Day: Taking a Ride on the Moon in the Lunar Roving Vehicle -
💙🙌
Warm pudding, especially with oats, is the bestest.
This sounds like a ready made SaaS just waiting for a product manager
Goals, Aydrian.
It does present me with options. Or more commonly referred to as "Frat boy yacht party"
Always.
Thanks!
Always. To the end.
This goes back to a thread with and over 2 years ago
How it continued....and how it finished!!!
RT Is today "Mention how amazing is" day!?!
Which, in my experience, was _always_ culture war/bludgeoning and never collaboration/common good.
RT I love mr bean
Um.. you're a disgrace.
When we had our coffee shop, I tried to convince my (nurse) wife that we should do a coffee drip as a menu item. I was unsuccessful.
RT Come join me at the top of the hour as I talk with about engineering metrics. video on the homepage at
I'm just gonna assume you didn't read this, since it clearly says the order came from Congress's attending physician and has nothing to do with Pelosi's order. But given the insanity you and your fellow GQP'ers continue to push, you're intentionally misleading. Disgraceful.
Every bit of this. Thank you
Her whole argument is what I grew up with (ultra-conservative GOP) to support why the NEA and public schools shouldn't be funded since we went to a private school and then were homeschooled. It's fracking bonkers and so not how society works.
Today's Image of the Day: Staring at the Sun -
And if the pilots of said rocketship make the right decisions and know what the hell they're doing, and you have the cash for the ticket on said seat.
It's because you're not around Sam. Just wait for the final product!
Oh just you wait and see....
How it started... How it's going... And later today will be the finished product.
Only if I'm there too
RT Did you know that over 20 amazing corporate #sponsors have already committed to supporting our in-person #kcdc2021 event? Now y…
His sidearm, effortless passes are a thing of beauty. No one does it like Mahomes.
What a pass. Yes, it's preseason. No, it's not full speed. But here's a linebacker (#53) who's shadowing wherever (and whatever) does on this play, and Mahomes just floats it right where is going to be and right over the LB's fingertips. :chefskiss:
I endorse this message and support your food platform
Oh, yesssss.
I work here, and would happily answer any questions you have. My DMs are open.
Sorted.
RT I hope all of you who refused to get vaccinated are happy with this, because this is on you.
Uhm, yes? You chill the wine, then pour out the ice and pour the wine. Efficiency.
Today's Image of the Day: Bright Rays and Dark Shadows in a Nearby Galaxy -
Yeah the c920 is good up to a point. Glad it's working out.
Oh then that really blows
On Mac there's a Webcam Utility app that you can get which let's you set profiles and such in order to fine-tune things. Unsure if there's one similar on PC?
RT I had to explain that white privilege includes growing up with the idea that racism spontaneously dried u…
You are amazing. Love you!
#devopspartygames is #soon!!!!
Holy shit...
When you urge everyone to get vaccinated. We are where we are because the GOP decided they were going to make mask wearing a political issue, instead of a public health one. Had you done the responsible thing, we would be out of this. But we aren't. And it's your fault.
LOL I bought a couple things from the old ThinkGeek (I think?) to terrorise a former coworker who was like Dwight Schrute.
What did you buy Katie?
Yeah and it's a direct sequel to Ghostbusters II. Seems he started pitching the idea in 2012?
RT Thanks, unvaccinated people. You did this.
RT "There are some who express outrage when someone kneels while calling for social justice. Where are those same people expressi…
It's wild!
This looks amazing!
Today's Image of the Day: Boeing Starliner Secured Atop Atlas V Rocket -
Yes, let's answer those questions. You're a moron.
The number of things that McConnell and McCarthy said after the #Insurrection (and impeachment) versus what they have said since have shown their true colours and their culpability.
RT The rest of the 🧵 is great… but the tl;dr is: mandate vaccines. “politics are hard, but dying is worse”
Maybe, I don't know, just have him pay taxes?
#Futurist
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of Apollo 15 -
RT 1) It already passed by harmlessly 2) It was more than 10 times farther away from us than the Moon 3) It’s so harmless NA…
That's just the tip of the iceberg with them
Let's see.. how many people dead from COVID-19 in the US? 610K people. How many people have died from the vaccines? 3 Yep. It's the vaccines. You are why we can't have nice things.
RT I probably should stop watching this video at some point.
Great win by Sporting!
Just watched (first movie in the theater in 18 months) and it's good. Very good. Very funny. 10/10 would recommend. #BlackWidow
RT I’m vaxxed — because I want to protect myself, my family and my friends. How about you? #ImVaxxedAreYou
Tweeting?
Enjoying a Ethiopia Kayon Mountain via on a lazy Saturday. Highly recommend this coffee.
So this will be fun the next few days. 86F, but with humidity feels like 97F. And it's only 1030.
And they're all respectfully quiet while watching!
RT I could not be prouder of the incredible athletes representing at the Olympics. Their determination and hard work…
Seong.
Having spent _years_ working and living in that hacker culture... This does not surprise me
I don't see the whiskey though.... 🤔
I meant for you to wear it, not Maya
💉⚽🥅!! 🤩😂
Have you considered a fanny pack?
This would be utterly hilarious if I didn't know family members and friends who fit this very description. Which makes this morbidly hilarious 😂
RT This is his home. This is where he belongs. Jadon Sancho is 𝗨𝗡𝗜𝗧𝗘𝗗. #MUFC x
Cannot wait for Season 2 of ! Great shout out to the local high school where I grew up!
A self own from the former guy's personal doctor who said he was in "excellent health", had "good genes", and only weighed 239 pounds.
Today's Image of the Day: The Little (Mars) Helicopter That Could -
RT doing some work to define best practices for authentication and authorization when building apps with AI: RAG,…
Get you a friend who drives past you in the pouring rain, and loves you enough to send you this note 🤣😂😭🫶
Burgers at Casino El Camino.... 😀🤤
This. All the things. Yes.
OH: I roll my own HTML
Matty, I miss you. I wish you were here
OH1: "What's the CNCF?" OH2: "It's 50 corporations in a trenchcoat"
RT Happy hour with and #devopsdaysaustin
OH: Let's just go to the semicolons
RT The slides from my talk at #devopsdays #devopsdaysaustin A Talk about DevOps, Security, and AI
RT Unpopular opinion: companies doing an about-face to focus only on AI while abandoning existing products will regret that…
``` # code block here ```
Happy Birthday BASIC, but also... Fucking hell.
Opening Keynote for is being open about her life, experiences, and talking about "Transformative Journeys" #DevOpsDaysAUS
With all the turmoil the last few years, year after year, the theme for is "The Beat Goes On" #DevOpsDaysAUS
RT Let's get fired up in here now. Watch Shoresy Season 3 starting May 24th on and June 21st on From
The Core Organizers for are kicking us off on Day 1 #DevOpsDaysAUS
Seems someone finally watched the documentary,
OH: Node? Oh that's the npm shit?
OH: You sound like a QA person that should be an engineer!
OMG! So adorable! 😍🥰🤩 Thanks for sharing!!!
Those are sooo good! You're starting your day RIGHT!!!!
Hopefully soon
Take it Sasha.
Drastically needed it
In theory... But a Monday at the end of a week seems like poor planning.
So, tomorrow I go back to work after 3 weeks of vacation. It's a Thursday. I am now realising the error in judgement I made.
Sounds about right, but tomorrow will be my first Monday back after 3 weeks vacation... So. Yeah.
Anything REI will be quality. I've had quite the variety from Amazon and have had decent luck.
I love Roo hammocks which is what I use, but you can find good similar quality at REI and Amazon for a bit cheeper.
Today's Image of the Day: Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner Secured Atop an Atlas V Rocket -
RT My Dad got to watch Armstrong walk on the moon. I get to watch the guy who killed bookstores ride a dick into space.
Today's Image of the Day: 240,000 Miles to the Moon -
Part of a great thread by Emily, this perfectly identifies how conference organizers need to make changes so that their event and the speaker lineup is fresh and impactful.
Today's Image of the Day: A Peek Inside the Orion Nebula -
RT You definitely want to take care of that gum your mom told you not to swallow in 3rd grade.
RT Remembering and celebrating John Lewis today is important. Abolishing the filibuster to secure the right to vote for everyon…
Coming up at #DevOpsDaysMDE on July 30-31 I'll be talking about DevOps in the early years, and why you probably don't want me helping you build a deck. Get your Tickets:
RT Had the US continued to vaccinate in the summer at the same rate as in the spring, the US would be near herd immunity by now…
O'Hare is the absolute worst. I avoid it whenever possible, sometimes going out of my way even.
The Print Shop was awesome!!!
RT If you want to keep up with the tweets and thoughts of many of our esteemed #kcdc2021 speakers, here is a list you can follow:…
Excited to announce that I'll be speaking at #kcdc2021 - make sure you grab your tickets now!
RT Introduction to pipeline configuration parameters: New post from explains how to get started with this robust featu…
RT Speakers! Speakers! Come and get your #kcdc2021 speakers, fresh and hot off the press!
Fair point. I'm surprised I remember
A worthwhile endeavor for sure
We met at the bar before the speaker dinner 2 years ago.... 😜 But yes, #soon! Again.
I mean... ¯\(°_o)/¯ Could always introduce the points system for each prospective "hit"? I mean, she's about the right age.
Some really great thoughts on Developer Advocacy from
Today's Image of the Day: A View of the Rings of Saturn -
RT Life is simple. Use whatever you like and get paid for. Ignore gatekeepers.
RT Notes on how to listen well. A thread 🧵
Any update here? Any near future hope for an Android app?
Ugh, I wish professionals would follow their own advice 😜
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating 5 Years at Jupiter -
RT And for those who know they can out-wit the rest of the players, will host Wednesday nig…
Knowing Brandon for awhile now, I can confidently say you don't want to miss out on the sheer volume of #DevRel experience and knowledge that he brings to any table.
Today's Image of the Day: Honoring the Space Shuttle Closeout Crew Lead -
RT I learned a little bit more about the process. Twitter uses Unit21, which essentially uses machine learning to give a…
It's a cult. It's only ever been a cult.
RT I would be ok with renaming it “The President Donald J. Trump Miracle Vaccine and Penis Enlarger” if it would result in more…
RT OH: "Well, he is current hamburglar and former piss pig, I wouldn't expect much"
RT As someone close to Brandon who has watched him grow throughout his #DevRel career, I can wholeheartedly say he would be…
's bot is quite adept
RT Firenados in northern California. Ocean fires in the Gulf of Mexico. Subway waterfalls in New York City. A heat dome in the…
RT “she’s like Michael Scott, but without the endearing qualities”.
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Cargo Dragon Departs the Space Station -
RT Applications to join us at are still open for underrepresented folks in tech. Great talks, great food, gr…
RT “Ah well” - Translation: Another dream crushed.
Ok, the intent wasn't masked.
"I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref"
As opposed to other "grabbing of the shirt" penalities, this was clearly malicious with no masked intent. Two-handed grabbing of the shirt collar and pulling down is certainly a 🟥
I'm watching with my oldest at a bar in the mountains of Idaho
Such a great start for the #ThreeLions
The number of times I would be playing guitar, and someone would come over and say "Hey do you know Pearl Jam's 'Jeremy'? Your name is Jeremy, so you should!" were countless.
And this so needs to be heard by so many people, and the stigma around having a therapist needs broken down.
RT 😳😑 this is why we can't have nice things. for real real.
RT We need to have a conversation about wombats
Yep.
RT Dear intern: We've all screwed something up, So welcome to the club. "That Sinking Feeling (The #HugOps Song)"
OH: "Sometimes life isn't about pleasing, it's about sneezing."
The whole special on Netflix is hilarious
Sony a6400 with Sigma 30mm and 16mm lens and Elgato HD 60S+ HDMI capture card. I had issues with capture cards before upgrading my USB C cable and upgrading firmware on my Caldigit TS3+
RT CircleCI: Making life easier for software engineers speeds up innovation
RT Not sure who needs to hear this, but today's Twinkies are not as good as a bad feeling about DevOps in a once-in-a-lifetime…
RT 💥 Excited to announce... I wrote a book! A lot of engineering leaders worked to be best engineer they could be… and then we…
RT New on my blog: the monks chat about virtual tech event best practices, virtual event fatigue, community engag…
RT Black lives still matter. Not because anything in particular happened recently. But they matter all the time. Just sayin.…
RT Interesting people aren’t perfect. That’s what makes them interesting.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Glimpses a Galactic Duo -
What a ride
RT I miss the days of RSS, where each website could plant its own little flag on the internet, rather than a massive, blunt algor…
Good morning
Ahh my apologies, should have checked the README before suggesting it.
Today's Image of the Day: This Week in NASA History: Final Launch of Shuttle Program – July 8, 2011 -
If I may, the call out to support the OSS version js at the very end of a long flow of text. I have no doubt that it's hardly ever seen, and if it's an important thing then it should be seen and promoted. The suggestion by Nathan is a solid one. Add it to the README as well.
Thank you!
Kevin.
And that's why are here in this hotel for the night. 20 YEARS with this amazing woman. I love her with all of my heart, and can't wait for the rest of life with her and my Grandpa profile. (7/7)
Her: Well, maybe it was your hat. And shirt. And gray hair on the sides of your head. And your graying beard. Me: ......... Her: I bet it was your profile. Maybe you have the profile of a grandpa. Me: Happy Anniversary Helen. Her: (6/7)
That's right. In all of life has there never been a guffaw as hearty as this one. A "guffaw to end all guffaws" if I may. Me: (5/7)
Helen appears shortly, to which I recount the events of the last few moments. Here's a bit how this goes... Me: (words....) Her: ..... Her: ............... Me: (blink) Her: (4/7)
I stare, and the girl's grandma rescues me and says "(Girl's name) that's not grandpa!" and then apologises and thankfully ushers girl inside quickly while I retrieve my jaw to recount to my loving and supportive wife the events which have just transpired. (3/7)
I go down first, with Helen to join shortly. As I walk outside I hear a girl of 6 years come out and say, "Oh hi, why are you out here?" I of course smile &amp; mind my own beeswax. Little girl continues. "What are you doing out here...." (and then the shoe drops) "Grandpa?" (2/7)
Let me tell you a little story which will take a 🧵 to unfold, so please bear w/ me. Wife &amp; I were at a hotel last night. You'll see why in a few moments. We decide to sit outside on the nice patio (where we end up seeing 2 deer, but they aren't really part of the story). (1/7)
As a parent of teenagers, I now believe the myth came about to delay having to get up and deal with kids in the pool.
Oh hell yeah! I'm very much interested in this
Today's Image of the Day: There's a Starr in the Asteroid Belt -
Today's Image of the Day: In Orbit Around a Red Dwarf Star -
Right?
Great definition of imposter syndrome
RT People talking about “rules are rules” but half of y’all couldn’t even abide by public health guidelines during a pandemic ht…
RT My yearly PSA. #4thofJuly
They always have admitted their crimes in public. They've never had any consequences either.
Are you grilling them?
Well, yes. But no. It depends.
WTH...?
AWS Infinidash is based off a port of UDP
Or, as we've just seen w/ CoPilot, they can use the metadata of source code to create a potentially useful tool w/ code snippets. Which they undoubtedly will charge you for once YOU'VE trained it more. Which likely violates lots of licenses in place for those snippets. (3/3)
Think about the metadata available to Microsoft to help them determine which business sectors (identifiable in many ways) are starting to use a specific language to do X thing? Then they can craft Microsoft Office tools and features so they can sell it to them. (2/3)
A short thread: I've had multiple conversations the last few years with analysts and consultants who asked my opinion of the GitHub acquisition by Microsoft. I've said each time, that the only reason Microsoft did it was for the extreme wealth of metadata. (1/3)
RT It’s a free country. I think people who want to set off fireworks should 100% be allowed to set them off within the safety of…
The Breath Mints.
RT I'm obsessed with flywheels for community building. Here are 9 resources to help you make sense of them. ⬇
Depends. An advantage to starting out with a built-in grinder is you can work with the technique and muscle memory first, and then if you want to take that next step to more customisation, you can get a separate grinder. Breville's are good machines.
That looks great! Enjoy!
Nice! Who is it if I may ask?
I thought this was pretty common knowledge at this point? Owned a coffee shop and competed in barista competitions from 2008-2010 and then did coffee consulting until 2012 when I shuttered that. While working in tech full-time. No one ever said I was the brightest lightbulb.
But this will end better, I'm sure of it.
Opinions, I have them.
RT It’s simple. No Voting Rights. No Democracy.
I'm ded.
RT Very cool to see our users getting the most out of dynamic config! This user also released their code as an open source proje…
Yeah Fellow has a good grinder that allows for more fine grained dial-in
That's why I'm so selective on where I go for coffee. I've turned around and walked out when I see espresso shots dying or hear a jet engine landing in the milk pitcher.
Yeah I agree with Brandon here... It takes practice, but so does JavaScript and DNS. It's a nice way to geek out in a field that's not your normal.
I miss not having the professional one in the house from when we had the coffee shop. Sold it with the shop. Regretted it since.
If you do upgrade.... Let me know and I might take the Breville off your hands
RT Shout out to CircleCI user who created a PR to help us publish a new version of our Node Docker image (version 16.2.0),…
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Sees a Cluster of Red, White, and Blue -
Brilliant Joe. Just brilliant.
RT And so the Supreme Court continues in its enduring tradition of most often serving to vindicate power and not the vulnera…
So fracking adorable you three!!! 😍😍🔥🥰🥰
RT
WTF? SCOTUS conservative judges have just laid out they are ok with systemic racism.
RT 🗣️#Scholarship Opportunity! 12 week #FullStack program #Remote and in #STL Ready to level up your #tech skills? #WWCode…
Well, to muddy the waters even more, reproducing verbatim for commercial use without attribution is more the issue. Can be for commercial use, but has to stay open source. Also, depending on which GPLv(x) as well it makes things even more _interesting_
RT "Our oath to the Constitution, our duty, our dedication to the rule of law and the peaceful transfer of power has to co…
Me realizing that today starts my 3 week vacation, of which much of it will have me disconnected in the mountains in a hammock...
RT Personal favorite thread. Thanks from whole team. #TedLasso
Today's Image of the Day: Chandra Turns Up the Heat in the Milky Way Center -
RT we don't say this all that often at but we're hiring. if you think you're a fit for an entry level analyst role, we'…
Definitely in the Top 5
So jealous! Say hello to them for me!
I love hearing about friends in DevRel and Community who find new opportunities, and in areas and with teams and management that will be the breath of fresh air and support that they need to be successful!
That would be literally whispering sweet nothings
Wise words from the legend himself!
Talent
Do they have it without the LaCroix?
Behold a 🧵 guaranteed to attack you, and make you cry and laugh. At the same time.
Frosted Flakes are good, but they always seemed to get soggy too quickly. Or I had too big of a bowl. DON'T JUDGE ME
I always take vacation planning serious, and one of the first things I pack is quality coffee. This year, with doing some 🏕️, I'll be using my Aeropress a lot, and so I'm taking along this Sumatran via
RT reminder to all under-represented people in tech, we'd love for you to talk at the apply here.
Kinda like the McRib here.. it's shite, but only comes around once a year and everyone loses their fracking minds
I mean, people love the Count... I was never a fan of the cereal though. ╮(. ❛ ᴗ ❛.)╭
They might try... But they'll fail.
CTC are definitely in the Top 5, especially when you drink the leftover milk afterwards
I mean, if you want to? Maybe over a bowl of Fruit Loops?
Those are both solid at #3 or #4
I said name a better one than those two... David.
Name a better "kids" breakfast cereal than Fruit Loops or Golden Crisp. I'll wait.
RT There are millions of Windows desktops with longer uptimes than the Confederacy
Today's Image of the Day: Picturing Our Solar System's Asteroid Belt -
RT Lots of devrel ppl following me today... Did someone at community camp mention my devrel strategy framework...? Anyway here'…
RT Join and CircleCI as we walk through building a continuous delivery pipeline that demonstrates continuous integration an…
RT Happening now! Join in -- would love to hear your questions :) #DevRel #CMgr
Use them feels to prep for Season 2
All of these emotions about watching are spot on, and the reason I've seen it 6+ times.
RT Every fork at your favorite restaurant has been in 100's of strangers' mouths
Today's Image of the Day: Visualizing Quieter Supersonic Flight -
RT It's #DevOpsPartyGames day! Tune in at 18:00 UTC for all the fun! Featuring
RT ⛺️ Come gather on this Twitter Space as part of Community Camp. 🔥Joining us around the camp fire:
RT ITS NOT CLIMATE CHANGE ITS A REGIONALLY CURATED SUBSCRIPTION BOX OF ARTISINAL APOCALYPSES
RT Check out coverage of our new report, "Why Developer Experience Engineers are the key to accelerating your bu…
Thankfully I must have flunked that course
Your rules are faulty... Apple butter Apple pie Applesauce Apple juice Apple fritters Apple MacBook Pro M1
Tomato paste.. in a tube
They're two different things from the same fruit...
Hence tomato sauce
Sure, but say what you mean then? The only world where "end of the week" is Thursday is if Friday is a holiday.
Yep. Nailed it.
100%
Congrats! 🙌
This... This is amazing and Pulumi are so lucky to have you join their team! Congrats Kat!!!
Ahh, the glory and majesty of the English language
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station Transits the Sun -
RT SIMONE BILES 🤯 G O A T (via
Oh I gotta do this...
YES! Grew up watching all the old Danny Kaye and Bing Crosby movies, but The Court Jester was my favourite.
What are 5 movies you're confident you've seen at least 10 times (in no particular order)? 1.) The Matrix 2.) The Court Jester 3.) The Three Amigos 4.) Love Actually 5.) Basic
You named her to a recruiter, whined about how you were treated (fairly I might add), and said you didn't want to work wherever her and her friends did. Tell me how that isn't trying to get her in trouble? I'll wait.
Timeline cleanser
RT “A colorblind military for nearly 200 years…” - First of all, our military wasn’t desegregated until 1948.…
It's still around, but fewer and fewer people use the stuff. Mostly older generation, who still remember it from when it was popular.
Same here... Our teapot and kettle get used a fair amount, usually daily, but coffee is the first choice.
RT It's gotten to the point where even I can't even.
RT Join and CircleCI as we explore how you can automate your development process with continuous integration to re…
RT Episode 5 of The Confident Commit is live! Rob is joined by Brad Henrickson to discuss the interaction between human motivati…
RT For my friends in PNW. Here are some tips to stay cool.
Relationship is key for sure. Thanks for exploring and explaining a bit more what you were getting at.
Makes sense. But you're also in a position where you could, if you chose, leave a company based on their behavior and pivot to something else. That's not always the case.
"not assigning any agency to the people implementing a decision is ridiculous" Try telling that to the single parent with multiple kids and needing health care and a good paying job in order to care for those kids in a crazy market and time
But they have mentioned IaC
When the A/C in my hotel room kicks on, it sounds like the whooshing sound the TARDIS makes as it's taking off or landing. #DoctorWho
Or washing cast iron skillets
RT this is actually terrifying
Having 3 Gen-Z kids, the youngest of whole fits this article's focus, it was good to read about the generation's focus on Nirvana. My youngest (16yo old) is so enamored with the band and others in the genre, it's refreshing.
Headed to for the first time (🤯), who all is joining me? Excited to hang with this amazing community and talk about the impact of #DevEx on the success of #DevOps. #DevOpsDaysAUS
He's at it again
I mean, I do live in KC... I might know a guy
RT i need a ios/android engineer for 4 months fully remote (us based) $98/hr pay rate. working for a consulting company who work…
RT ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏…
This journey had me captivated. Glad you're safe. FWIW I have heard that spraying a peppermint oil solution around all your nooks, crannies, doors, windows, etc will keep these NopeLegs away.
OH: "That new-fangled Java stuff"
RT SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT: The fourth talk of #DevOpsDaysKC Day 1 on May 15, 2024 will be with a talk on "Getting…
Wow, well enjoy! Was hoping to get to Post/Con but it didn't happen this year
Geez.. here's a callback! I haven't heard 'ed' mentioned in a long time! Looking forward to hearing this talk!
Now it's never to be
Disappointing to say the least
That's awesome about DevOps at GoogleIO! Love seeing DevOps have a presence there after all these years.
RT 🎺 ANNOUNCEMENT!! #DevOpsDaysKC is TWO WEEKS AWAY! 🎺 That means there are only TWO WEEKS LEFT to get tickets! ⏳ You don't…
You say that people should be held to account for where they work... How would you propose doing so if not in the public forum? Seems like doublespeak
That's drawing a lot of conclusions around salary &amp; benefits for these openings being ~ to where they're currently at, &amp; in a time when those matter more than maybe ever. Holding people with no power responsible for the decisions of those in power is some next level projection
Sound advice. In my experience, that phrase has been used to hide insecurities of the leader or organization. Do people complain, just because? Certainly. But there's always something deeper that's driving that complaint/problem, &amp; as a leader it's your responsibility to listen.
RT In other news.. I just chased after an ice cream truck outside my house🍦ALL my neighbors tried to stop the truck for me..…
RT Learn OAuth 2.0 from Next Tuesday June 29th at 2PM Live coding and Q&amp;A RSVP:
RT Judge in Minneapolis sentences former police office Derek Chauvin to 22.5 years in prison for murdering George Floyd
RT True justice would be a living George Floyd.
I feel like this is an untapped market for
RT Mark your calendars! The next episode of #DevOpsPartyGames will be on Tuesday, 29 June at 20:00 CEST! Featuring
This is awesome! Do you also have a link to your PrometheusIO exporter for CircleCI? We've also got some exciting new changes upcoming for Insights!
Quality tweet Swarna! 🙌
Paracetamol, drink lots of water, and rest. That's the universal steps being recommended that I've seen both here in the US and abroad. My wife had a low-grade fever and slept about 12 hours and then felt good.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Images a Dazzling Dynamic Duo -
Hey, asshole. Google is for more than looking for underage girls to have sex with and take to see your constituents. Maybe use it once in awhile? Also, you can't pay for toiletries with Venmo while in prison. So, maybe shut the hell up?
I hate how long it takes me to realise that the reason I'm confused about my Twitter timeline IS THAT TWITTER JUST AUTOMAGICALLY SWITCHED BACK TO THE POPULAR TWEET TIMELINE INSTEAD OF LATEST TWEETS LIKE I FRACKING SELECTED. EVERY. DAMN. TIME.
Underrated tweet here
The lint roller, hand creme, and MU sweater were clear indicators for me.
Really a good thread here on Developer Marketing
RT Nothing says free speech like Ron DeSantis requiring public universities to survey students and professors about their politic…
RT "Experts" tend to build audiences. They already have knowledge and they want to spread it. "Learners" tend to build commu…
RT They're pushing a lie and then want people executed for the lie they are pushing. This is so dangerous.
Great article and video from So honored to be able to work with Katy, and this is just one of the reasons.
RT BREAKING: Rudy Giuliani banned from practicing law in New York State “effectively immediately, and until further order…
Today's Image of the Day: Viewing Earth from the Space Station -
Hey Scott - thanks for reaching out! Can you either shoot me a DM with your info or put in a Support ticket and we can see what's going on?
It's been my experience with Guatemalan coffee that rarely does a roaster get it right... and does with their La Armonica Hermosa that I received via
#facts
That's a good thing...
You're truly an artist.
Your family are in our thoughts and prayers David. Travel safe.
You're such a sucker for punishment... I'm the student on this panel.
In less than a week, I'll be joining some great friends of mine to talk about community success metrics. They will be laughs, probably some tears (I'm an emotional person, ok?), and hopefully I'll learn a thing or two! Come join me!
You know I'm here and have hugs for you.
😂 Yeah, it always made me laugh when we had the coffee shop and all these people ordered these crazy skinny lattes thinking they were really helping themselves
It's about time he scored in a major international tourney
And the act of steaming milk breaks down the lactose in the skim milk and makes it more like 1%-ish
Baseball got you down?
You'll get there...
Assholes
Hope your day is better!!
Yeah it was hot here last week for sure, and we were lucky we didn't have our normal 70+% humidity. I totally feel for those in the PNW.
Hey Product Managers... This is for you!
Today's Image of the Day: NASA and ESA Astronauts Continue Installing Space Station Solar Arrays -
And Sublime Text 4 is now out!
🖕🖕
No lie... Me fourth
Wow. Just. Bonkers.
Would pay to watch that
Kubecon and ATO for starters, along with some DevOpsDays
For someone who lives in Florida, they sure are checking all the stereotype boxes. Their follower list is a who's who of white nationalist nonsense.
Nah, they can rot. What rubbish they and their "argument" are.
RT Are you part of a historically underrepresented group in tech? Want to join us for but need help with the c…
Depends
What in the hell? Like their whole stream of replies is Ben Shap*ro-esque nonsense.
Today's Image of the Day: Shane Kimbrough Helps Install Solar Array on Space Station -
RT Join and CircleCI as we walk through building a continuous delivery pipeline that demonstrates continuous integration an…
FFS... 10 tweets... 7 are ads
Come on ... 6 promoted tweets IN A ROW....
That's how we've been doing it too, but with little cups stacked.. bread on bottom and then the juice on top
Such great content! Go Merlin!
Great advice. Muting you. Thanks for letting me know there's a mute button.
What in the hell? He literally lays his fragile, toxic masculinity right out there
Really bad take. Like. Repulsively so. Should probably delete.
When one watches Firefly, one must be comfortable
Happy Father's Day!!
RT Smile with your eyes
WWW? Internet? Gopher access to the University of Minnesota
Good reminder that I need to clean out my RTG
Yes. Please. Now.
RT Honoring and missing you, Daddy. #HappyFathersDay #MLK
RT Very helpful! Georgia voters, please double check your registration. Don’t get caught in the purge.
Doing it right... Solid ribs and bear choice #KC
Happy Birthday Tierney!!! 🎂🎉
RT Truth doesn’t perpetuate division. Lies do. For humanity to rise from racism and eradicate it from our psyche and systems…
RT Ms. Opal Lee is an incredible woman – and it was my honor to welcome her to the White House. Thanks to her relentless dedication…
RT Tech would be healthier if we sought out folks whose skills &amp; background compliment/round out/are different from our own.…
You have two arms..
Great thread from Jonan on what DevRel truly should be about.
RT Happy Juneteenth to my people, the descendants of the Black slaves that *actually* built this nation
RT This phrase has been rattling around in my head since my conversation with yesterday: My lack of TIME is not…
RT Saying it OUT LOUD.
RT Folks, this is not complicated. There can be no compromising with a party hell-bent on suppressing the right to vote.
I don't understand
TripTik's were the best! The joy of going and telling the AAA customer service person where you were going and having them write it out for you.
RT has the WHO lost its mind?
Yep. Attacked.
You're an idiot, aren't you?
Really looking forward to this #EnglandvsScotland match, the oldest rivalry in sports. Hard to pick who to cheer for if I'm honest. Very much torn between #ENG and #SCO
What in the hell is that nonsense?
Definitely not in my homeschool, nor those who went to school in my area in Kansas
Or they sent their most expendable to test that shit
Noted.
RT There's a lot of discourse around Juneteenth as a national holiday. Whether it "matters" or whether it's just a "symbolic gest…
This is exactly why their social media response was spot on. Anyone getting upset with them for it is missing the point. Hard.
Today's Image of the Day: Galveston from Space -
Dat shade... 👏🙌
That wasn't just a rumor though
I have a guess... And I'm hoping they'll make this glorious concoction for me sometime too
DNS
I've been meaning to spend some brain power on thinking about an application of DevOps principles to DevRel
This is what a 1:1 is for. Touch base weekly and then be async with ad hoc meetings as they decide.
The three of us who have voted so far and chosen 🥂 obviously know you quite well
Yeah, like 1x/day should be max... As a.manager you hire adults, not high school kids. Give them the tools to be successful and not require constant direction from you.
Isn't this what they call "multitasking"? Or is it a "multiprocessor"?
RT A friend told me my Loki drawing looks like an avocado and I’m inclined to agree. Say hello to guacaloki.
RT We can't all be 2-pizza teams...
I'm sure he'll learn now that there are no compromises with them, right?
I really like for its power and simplicity if I don't need something as robust as Davinci Resolve or Premiere Pro
kubernetes is hard to type when you mix up which letters you substitute out
Hmm... you might be right Rich.
What's funny is I didn't feel stressed at all during, nor after, the dream. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Related
[2/2] After getting my bags back, I was somehow still able to get on the plane, then couldn't remember how airline rows &amp; seats work (alpha &amp; numbers 🤦🏼) and had to be escorted to my seat by the pilot. Oh, and then I realised it was Thursday not Wednesday. I MISS FLYING SO MUCH!
It's a rare thing that I remember my dreams, but last night I dreamed I was at the airport but forgot I was supposed to get on the plane, with my flight leaving in 15min. I got in a taxi (?) &amp; got to my gate, left my bags there, then had to call the taxi to bring them back. [1/2]
I, on the other hand, can't wait to get on another plane (was on my first one 2 weeks ago after 455 days).
Today's Image of the Day: New Research Studies Turbulence -
RT Wow. McCarthy is leading a pro-slavery party. His members — in double digits — are voting against celebrating t…
Fantastic!
RT We’re seeing a coordinated attack on voting rights in this country. It’s Jim Crow in the 21st century, and it must end. Cong…
RT Some folks out there still don’t understand that “leadership” and “control” aren’t synonyms.
Looks like you enjoyed her drink though!
If you've ever wondered "What is YAML?", we at put together a great Beginner's Guide, complete with an awesome infographic!
I go for the lighter to medium roasts (for better flavour) depending on region. My referral code is if anyone else wants to join (get a free bag to start too!)
Today's Image of the Day: A Purposeful Passenger Prepares for Mission Aboard Orion Spacecraft -
Fresh coffee on deck this week via is a region I haven't had in awhile, a Burundi washed process from . The raspberry &amp; spice tones definitely come out during the grinding &amp; brewing, with the plum slightly there in the finish. Would definitely recommend.
OMG! Loved those growing up, and didn't realise I missed them until now!
At least you used a comma
Biscuit and Alice want nothing more than to snuggle up, as long as you don't take their blankets
Texas style ribs
This is the correct approach. Kudos to ... Now your turn
RT I wonder how these tech bros handle code reviews considering they can't handle mild feedback about being better humans.
RT Please, please, PLEASE - I am begging you - invest time and resources into your documentation. I've been running in circles for…
I also blocked that Jack Forge dude
Same
Ugh, a surprising number of people I follow / who follow me also follow the latest white tech dude dumpster fires...
RT So You've Been Called Out On Twitter: A ShitPoster's Guide On How To Proceed
Today's Image of the Day: Artemis I Space Launch System Core Stage Lift and Mate -
Well, that's it. I'll just be over in the corner. Thanks Corey.
I'll set a place. You might have to cook your own though 😂😉
While I prefer a bit more traditional, I will have to try that way some time.
Come on over Rich. I'll set an extra place, though I can't guarantee anything left over. Which means we will just have to start cooking something new!
The country style ribs went in about 3 hours ago at 225F, and the steaks and scotch eggs have joined them for finish cooking in about 90 minutes.
I've been in your presence... I understand
Mmhmm... Smoked they're just amazing
I know, right? So jazzed
We have a cupboard full of cereal
Smoking some meat this afternoon for dinner.. 4 8oz Ribeyes (currently dry brining), 3 scotch eggs (using sage breakfast sausage and rosemary and pepper dry rub), and 8 country style pork ribs (molasses slathered with dry rub)...
"It's Time to Correct the Myths About the Battle of Alamo | Time"
Yeah I can see you sewing more than making soup
At least he thinks we shouldn't have career politicians
Wow, there's a lot to unpack there.
I mean, I'm not going to say it doesn't work
Hey
What. The. Fuck? This is some pretty strong harassment and stalker vibe from
☺️😊
Watched this happen in real time on live TV... 🥺😥 I'm still shook. My heart goes out to Eriksen, his family, and his teammates (club and country).
So let's see how this is going to go... Last time I got nothing ¯\_ʘ‿ʘ_/¯
Hopefully nothing. But I'm certain that will change.
Next thing you're going to say is that some people use just a dollop of sour cream
For reference...
RT It wasn’t rigged you’re just a loser.
Wow! That's some big news! You've done such a great job there, they're going to miss you!
You definitely want to have Shelby in your org... Better reach out before it's too late!
I want to add some snarky reply (as I do), but you're right. Thank you. I shouldn't shame him for his stereotyped inadequacies that cause him to stereotype you.
Congrats Matt! That's some awesome news!
WTF...? That's some shitty white dude, small dick energy right there. You have more quality DevOps advice in your little pinky than he has in his whole body.
Is that to go? And would you like SREs with that?
Forget books! Just purchase it. Faster.
Well now it's out
Well how else were we supposed to know until they tried to sell you on this?
RT Finally, a 10x engineer.
Today's Image of the Day: Earth's Atmospheric Glow and Star Trails -
You hadn't seen it yet?
The new trailer is pretty fantastic
Coming June 29! I'm honoured to be on this with some awesome people! Make sure you register
RT Fitted sheets should just be rolled up and angrily jammed in the linen closet. Much easier and sends a real message t…
How you take the pill
Today's Image of the Day: A Partial Solar Eclipse -
Define "pee"
RT Members of Congress should have to take an entrance exam.
RT I know the answer to the question by Rep. Louie Gohmert. Captain Marvel. She can alter planetary orbits with her superpowers.…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎂🎉🎈
Yeah I'm gonna put it on my wishlist
Wait... First time in SF?
I don't know what to think
Found it!
Yep. Sadly.
Where did you see this?
It's probably my favourite line from the show, in my favourite scene
RT SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT: Our second talk at #DevOpsDaysKC on May 15, 2024 will be Natalie Lunbeck talking about: "Unblocking…
RT Come join us tomorrow at the April #DevOps KC Meetup! We'll have , Spring Developer Advocate at Broadcom, talking ab…
Which means that phrase is getting used a LOT
RT I’m hosting a workshop on Tuesday at 9:00 AM Pacific where I’ll be talking about the importance if measuring the ROI of ou…
RT 1/5 Dr. Elias Doonesbury is a fictional “veteran psychologist” warning the world about Trump’s dementia. Garry Trudeau thou…
RT Enough of corporations swindling the American people. Tax the damn rich.
I love me a good acai bowl
I'd say that answers it... Both.
Biscuit sleeps the carefree slumber of a dog
"The Gentlemen" is such a fucking good show. Love how well Guy Ritchie puts together a solid crime drama.
RT This Father’s Day, follow the procedure below to enjoy a refreshing cocktail I’ve dubbed ’THE VASECTOMY’…
"The Front Door vs. The Back Door" by via
RT Hey Brand and Content folks. Why scratching your heads trying to produce eye catching stories when THE STORY always lives w…
RT First #cmgr lesson of a new role: Learn all you can about the program, community, etc., before you try to "fix" anythin…
Oh WOW! Congrats! You've done some amazing stuff at Transposit, and I can't wait to see what you do (and where you land!) next!
Thank you for having me! My slides are at
You too!!!!
Looking forward to sharing about "Community - a dish best served collaboratively!"
Today's Image of the Day: Galactic Goulash -
:mic-drop:
Decline meetings
RT Hey America, it's time to come together. Let’s 69 the 4th.
Seriously Rich....
The sheer stupidity of these people... Like, don't they know there's any way way to check this?
Mmm... Banana bread
Yep - a thread I can 100% agree with!
RT If you're afraid teaching the facts about structural and societal racism in this country is going to tear the community/cultur…
RT NEW: Biden has ended infrastructure talks with Sen. Capito, wherein he was willing to come down by $1 trillion while C…
McConnell has _LITERALLY_ for the last 2 Democrat Presidents said that it's his sole purpose to be an obstructionist to their agenda.
Thought leadership
RT bunch of folks have asked, and yes, the CFP is open and awaiting your talk proposals. got some no doubters in…
RT Pretty please 🥰 Different questions than the StackOverflow survey and you’ll contribute to super valuable insights we w…
🎶 "The Itsy Bitsy Spider crawled up the chair leg" 🎶
I really enjoyed it and kept wondering why they never brought it back 😥😓
1 goat and three hedgehogs
RT Remote work enables disabled folks. Remote work enables caregivers. Remote work enables folks from poverty. That's the t…
Use it all the time. Last I heard they were ending all Chrome App but the web and native apps were still continuing... Please tell me that's not changing...
RT Whether just getting started with CircleCI or ready to tackle advanced use cases, we offer a library of dev-focused technical…
Today's Image of the Day: Earth Is a Water World -
If you're looking for a good, solid cup of coffee with no frills, Four Barrel Coffee has this coffee from Honduras that fits the bill, via
I was told that on the short hour-ish flight they didn't have alcohol in Comfort+ (just beer and wine), but on the longer flights they do.
"I've got a bad feeling about DevOps"
Well, ok then. Those non-verbal queues and insults.
Definitely Sting, Ric Flair, and The Big Show. But. Rowdy Roddy Piper would be epic.
Never underestimate the power (and irresistibility) of a good mullet!
And the tight jeans and belt....
Yep. Full on depending on flight time.
Even the battery life is amazing
Love mine. My 16gb M1 MBP performs way better with everything than my 2019 MBP16 with 64gb RAM.
RT Call me old-fashioned, but I don't see why we need the consent of the party that's attacking voting rights in order to protect…
I mean, made a nice beard for a meeting out of an old mop so you too can have a beard
I think I play with my beard and then scrunch up my nose and lips. 🤔
Word.
You scared me Jess. Truly scared me.
How many mops were murdered in this glorious endeavor?
I have good news... Beer and wine still free... Alcohol I don't think they had since this leg is a shorter flight.
Will find out as we are taking off soon. I will report back to the Internet.
Aydrian, you might have just given me hope, especially since that's when I have my next flights after this.
RT Why are senate Republicans more united opposing voting rights than senate Democrats are supporting voting rights?
I mean.. I have 12 free drink vouchers, so that should hold me. But on the next flight? I'm legit scared Tim.
I just found out from a trusted source (ahem that on you no longer get free alcohol in Comfort Plus. This has destroyed me. I thought Jess was my friend and now I have to use my free drink certificates, of which I have many (BUT THAT'S NOT THE POINT HERE)!!
That's it. We will never learn. Anything.
RT #code Our Manifesto
Today's Image of the Day: Researching Immune Response on the Space Station -
RT It's a really bad idea to shame someone for wearing adult diapers. I mean, there are about a billion things to shame hi…
If you “s/clean you house/mow your lawn” I am in this tweet and I don’t know how I feel about it
RT Y'all. My husband is on the train platform waiting for his commuter train. A sparrow is bringing him cicadas - 3 at this p…
Yep - pretty crowded.
Watching the #USAvMEX #ConcacafNationsLeague Final in the lobby of a hotel… Let’s go #USMNT!!!!
You're forgiven
I'm sorry for the confusion but I don't know if you want to go to work with me but I'm going camping
RT 1. American democracy is in serious danger, because it's under sustained assault from Republicans who wield real power acro…
RT If someone blocks you on Twitter, DO NOT MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO CONTACT THEM via other channels/platforms. I cannot begin to ex…
RT I can’t get over how this is their deity.
Definitely not since you seem to believe you're the only one capable of having said "intelligent conversation". As the old proverb says, "A fool and his folly are not easily separated."
RT It’s not lost on me that when a man goes on a killing spree with his AR-15, people will say things like “mental health is…
RT Having summers off as a kid does absolutely nothing to prepare you for the adulthood pain of watching a perfectly gorgeous…
RT A uniquely innovative approach to address underrepresentation of marginalized groups in tech, we are excited for the Advance…
YAY! Congratulations! 🚼🍼
Of course you do, and that's one of the reasons I love you.
Totally open to ideas though Rich
Damn it David! Now I have ideas!!
"Why" do you even have to question?
That needs a Shopify storefront
No idea... It came out of a #devopspartygames episode.
Got a few... Largebits Kubernaughty That's just for starters
Isn't that just an audio book? Or a podcast?
Got upgraded to First Class for the second flight... First trip since COVID - I'm taking this as a good sign. Also was able to get my boys upgraded to Comfort Plus, and for a brief moment I am cool in their eyes again. I'll take it.
And we're off!! So glad to be back on ! I've missed you!
They shut the doors!!
I'm on a plane!!!
RT There are two tax systems in America—one for working families, and another for the rich and powerful who avoid paying t…
RT ...cause cocaine doesn't pay for itself.
First time in 455 days I am at for the purpose of flying. I never thought that getting on a plane was going to be this emotional, but I am so giddy!
RT Conservatives don't want students taught that whites have been advantaged or privileged in America bc "that's racist agai…
I mean, no?
Not that I recall? Nothing makes me think you were, so no?
This was pretty interesting earlier this week
This explains "It's a Small World"
RT Congrats to the entire #2021SDTimes100 DevOps category:
Nah that's DevSecOps
Because they've probably had to put up with our shit the longest?
Solid.
RT The reality is we have a sharp partisan divide in this country. And that divide is largely over reality.
Today's Image of the Day: Detecting X-Rays From Uranus -
How else is anyone going to hear them?
Hear this, and let it sink in.
Yeah it really was an amazing story
This is an amazing story!
RT PLUTO IS DOING ITS BEST
RT
Blog series that moves nicely from one post to the other, telling you what you'll do in the next, and then in the next one telling you what you just did. And a nice glass of whiskey.
RT A 🧵 that many will think is full of lies, but in reality is just hard truths.
Today's Image of the Day: Administrator Bill Nelson Gives His First State of NASA Address -
In just over one day I will get on the first plane I have been on since leaving NYC on March 6, 2020, 455 days ago. I am beyond ecstatic, and can't hardly wait.
So are you starting with the original (1978) or the reboot (2004)? Both are solid, and thanks for the reminder to start watching again.
A lot is coming into focus now
Brown rice is only good for Chipotle burritos
Explains why they shut down his blog...
Hello, my name is Jeremy. You insulted me. Prepare to be slapped.
RT holy shit kindness costs literally nothing. one of the best, most valuable things in the fucking world is fucking FREE. that…
RT But folks don’t want to honestly talk about and have our children learn about how racism was intrinsic in the so-called “f…
🔹 Jeremy 🔹 18 🔹 #SportingKC
Once you see it.....
And to be fair, it's always 5 o'clock somewhere in the world.
My son sent me this, and I feel it's very helpful for all those "Please introduce yourself" moments.
Can white people just fucking step away from the condiment line at the build your own pizza store?
If it brings your back to KC
Might drive better engagement metrics
Today's Image of the Day: Andres Almeida, NASA Digital Strategist -
That's where they would stay for me for awhile
I have wanted Nanoleaf but haven't decided what I would get, what I would design it as, and if it would work in my space or not
RT Too much foreign policy criticism blames Jewish groups for US support of the apartheid in Palestine, when Christian Zio…
How hard did puberty hit you? Share only two pictures.
I'm here for that... Though I also live in Kansas so who knows when
Ahh the self-own is strong in this one... Your handle seems legit.
RT Dr. Fauci on the #COVIDIOTS trying to spin his emails—acquired LEGALLY under FOIA, not “leaked”—because (#SHOCKER) he di…
"At a coffee shop working for a bit." Feels so good to say that. #WearAMask #VaccinesWork #vaccinated
But I'm sure it is. I have some family members and friends who hold this essential view. It's maddening and there's no reasoning with them.
Acceptable
Lips are sealed
I'd rather just go get dinner and drinks at a conference with them
#ToastMe Coach Lasso, here in Kansas.
Love those!
RT My question is: what happens next, when his cult is again denied the crowning of their king? If they were just goofy and no…
Wow! That would be amazing!
I've had it explained to me that if you wouldn't for one you shouldn't for the other. I'm also a straight white dude and by no means the final say on anything. Ever.
It sounds like you're drawing out the word on purpose
I spent Sunday night listening to The Used (while doing my performance review), and now I'm about to binge these. Thank you.
+44 and Jack's Mannequin... 🤩😍🤩
RT Hello, friends! If you say "guys" in a meeting and then add "and girls" to correct yourself, you have actually not address…
I may or may not be checking into it at this very moment
Checks all the food groups
Now I want these as speaker gifts. Can you imagine the awesomeness that would "speaker sneakers?"
That's some serious bullshit white word salad energy right there... WTF?
RT Please believe me when I say this: There is nothing to be gained from publicly arguing with people who are insistent t…
RT Biden on the Tulsa massacre: "we do ourselves no favors, pretending that none of this happened. ... We can't just learn wha…
RT so is a great interviewer. she really got me to give it the full monkchips here. we talk about hiring, onbo…
Solid answer.
Ffffffuuuuuu
RT we went from jan to june in like 3 days
WOW! The team is back together! So excited to see where you both take this and Lacework is LUCKY to have you Jessica! Congrats!!!!
RT This whole industry has gone all in on OKRs yet we still expect to see consistent “work” from employees. So which is it?…
Today's Image of the Day: Accretion Disk of Black Hole Glows in New Simulation -
Today's Image of the Day: Digital Content Strategist Andres Almeida -
RT From founding to the future of security, and take a deep dive on infrastructure in a new episode of T…
Type the year you became a teenager into the GIF search
RT A lot of folks are just learning about Tulsa on the 100 year anniversary of the destruction of "Black Wall St." It wasn't j…
This is a great commentary 🧵 on cryptocurrency and where we stand now
RT Get yourself a boss who sets a good example for the team by turning off their phone and laptop on vacation. Yes, really…
🤔
Thank you
Yeah keep the rye bread, as it adds a nice, healthy crunch, and replace the bread stick with goldfish
RT Maybe - and I’m just spitballing here - the party that incited an insurrection at the Capitol and openly yearns for a…
Square pretzel of course. A case could be made for the other pretzel to go, but I choose the square one to go.
😍🤩😍🤩
RT On the 100th anniversary of the Tulsa Race Massacre, we remember all those who were killed and the survivors who bravely c…
RT We have a sacred obligation as a nation to always honor the memory of those we’ve lost — and to support their families. That is…
🙋🏼‍♂️ 45
RT What's #devrel like around the world? 🌎🌍 I shared some thoughts in this episode of Community Pulse by
Congrats to the team. They've done a great job bringing a vital tool to the #community space, and the sky is the limit
RT The GOP held more than 30 hearings on Benghazi — yet they outright refuse to investigate the deadliest attack on our Capito…
RT Tip: block off the first hour of your day to catch up on email and lay on the floor with your dog.
Please let us know how we (CircleCI) can help support. Our Open Source credits can often provide all you need, but my DMs are open if you want to discuss more!
Same. I have a rule that any place with a name which tells me how I should feel about their food _after_ I've consumed it is just trying to use positive reinforcement and the chances of spending much of the rest of the day in the bathroom definitely rise.
Working on my yearly performance review self reflection on a Sunday evening while listening to The Used... this is going to go either swimmingly, or I'll have to redo it again 🤣😂
Show me you're in your mid- to late-40s without telling me you're in your mid- to late-40s. I'll go first.
Ahh the X1 Carbon. Need to see what's available there.
So glad you and could hang out!!!! Very jealous btw.
One of the most horrifying and saddening scenes are the "warehouse" rooms at Auschwitz...
Remind me... What is that exactly?
I'm not laughing, you're laughing
But Scotty does?
It's so well done
This needs to go in the rule book for what a charge is. I was electrified!
Did you not know this? OMG it was the fucking greatest thing!
Yep, but the Totally Twisted version they released was the greatest
If you have the status, directly call the airline and you'll get to your status's line and then tell them what you're trying to do. For Delta, when I call in I am immediately transferred to the Diamond Desk and I just tell them what I want/need and they sort it out.
Woah ...
Ahh, that does sound brilliant
Yeah, it's quite an interesting review.
One of my favourite movies of all time, #AvengersEndgame brought about so many tears throughout. Wild to think it's already been 5 years. This long thread has some great BTS details.
As the OP found out, it is the literal best thing to put on sliced (fried) bread
RT If you want to hear more about the OpenTofu stuff, how I think about open source business, and a bunch more - listen to the sh…
And this list is so damn good
Oh shit Kelly! I hope the recovery is quick!
Yeah I too wish I had old pictures of my first office in a climate-controlled server room at an ISP in 1995, with 3 Cisco 7000s, a rack with 32 USRobotics 56K modems, a couple SPARC 20s, multiple Cisco 2600s, and CAT3 &amp; CAT5 cabling running everywhere.
You wouldn’t last an hour in the asylum where they raised me.
I see your Ignite talk prep is going well
RT
I did not OK this video of myself...
RT Jesus was not a white, American man. The U.S. flag is not a symbol for the Church or for Jesus. The National Anthem is…
RT 🐕📺
Back to Ethiopia again with a good Sidama Ardi from The vanilla and lavender really come through in the aroma. Thankfully it arrived just in time when my last bag ran out via
Nope.
However
RT Hillary wasn't name-calling when she used the word "deplorables," she was accurately describing the kind of inhumanity w…
Yeah they have been my go-to in the past!
The T14 is definitely one I'm looking at!
Yeah I have had 2 System76/Clevo systems in the past, and they were great
But…
Alright... Hit me with your suggestions for good Linux laptops.
RT Let’s be clear. Mitch McConnell says he fears a bipartisan commission to investigate January 6 would hurt the GOP’s chance…
What. The. 🤬😡
Yeah tbf Monoprice is a good place, or a MicroCenter if you have one
Now I know it's algorithm is off
Ummm, ok?
RT Simply put, America is at a tipping point. It’s not tenable for the will of the majority of the voters to be continual…
If not they certainly should be
This should be even more proof that the filibuster has got to go. Democrats need to grow a pair and stand up to McConnell's obstructionist activities. There is no bipartisanship with McConnell.
RT I’m sorry but Lady Gaga can make Smelly Cat absolutely slap
Yes.
Done. Nothing better.
RT Let’s call it what it is. The blocking by Mitch McConnell and the Senate GOP of the Bipartisan Commission on January 6 is…
RT . is way ahead of where I was at 23—and not just because he’s a better athlete. It was great talking with h…
You win. I'll take that anytime.
RT Congratulations to Twitter Blue for sounding both like an airline and a pregnancy test.
School is now over (school year here is mid-Aug to late-May) And now my kids will once again be back home all day. All the time.
Yes, you'll get something depending on how you setup the mortgage, e-bill or paper. When you signed the paperwork for the mortgage, it tells you on there when your first payment will be due. Usually it's at least a month if not sometimes 3 months before you get the first bill
Taking credit for someone else's success is some next level bullshit.
You're an amazing person, a brilliant mind in tech, and they were beyond lucky to have you. I can't wait for your next gig! Enjoy your well-deserved time off!
Real talk.
RT This 🧵… damn
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Captures a Captivating Spiral -
In fact one of my best friends ended up playing cards with her and some others after a show if I recall correctly.
Oh please share a photo! Mary can compare!
Congratulations! That's awesome!
OMG... Blast from the past! Met Jennifer years ago at The New Earth Coffeehouse at one of the many shows I saw her play at back in the late 90s...
Look who's jealous now?!
Jealous
Hehehe I remember that moment fondly
RT They want to criminalize miscarriages. They want women to file a "fetal death certificate" for any &amp; all miscarriages. An…
RT In the 5 states with highest vaccination rates Compared with 2 weeks ago Infections down 40% Test positivity 1.2% In 5 s…
Absolutely
Hah, I just did a forced page refresh and it's magically there on my page but not on the public page
Yeah they added it, but there isn't a stub (yet) to see who you're following. That's probably on the roadmap.
RT This is one the most Biden clips I have ever seen
RT #Community Folks! Who would you love to see speak at #CMXSummit2021?🎤 Tag them below👇
MarioKart Deluxe, Trivial Pursuit Live, Instant Sports, Among Us, Mario Bros Deluxe, Rocket League, Witcher I'm going to have to start playing on my Switch again, huh?
And mine is SW-3868-1225-9010
RT President Biden just pulled out a list of Republicans who he says are touting the American Rescue Plan and who are trying to t…
Bruno is _not_ amused
Today's Image of the Day: Magnetized Threads Weave Spectacular Galactic Tapestry -
I legit am contemplating driving to the mall just to go in and get some of those.
Wait wait... an Auntie Anne's gift card is an option here?
RT Hey Twitter! is looking to hire 16 community moderators. It's a compensated 2 hr/month commitment and will in…
You're on the wrong service
That's quite the ($)aaS right there...
Interesting question 🤔
RT ICYMI! The reply from last night's #DevOpsPartyGames with
Oh come on.. everyone knows the best steaks are at TGI Friday's.
Yeah it's not on web for me but is on mobile
I've seen it on mobile for awhile - haven't noticed it on web 🤔
Those were such happy tears that they brought tears to my eyes. Kat is a treasure.
Timeline cleanser... This is amazing! Give this teacher an award!
This week's relative moments of clarity brought to you by a Peru coffee roasted by and delivered via
Today's Image of the Day: Squids and Other Research Heading to the Station. Yes, Squids! -
RT No man is an island but there's a whole lot of peninsulated bastards out there.
Some great thriplash answers on #devopspartygames
LET'S GOOOOO!!!!! #devopspartygames
So I've been setting up my profile (still a ways to go), and while it's a change from LinkedIn, those changes are welcomed. I will have some invite codes to give out - be nice to my DMs.
Oh I'm downing that pint of ice cream in one sitting, pandemic or no pandemic. Every 🍦 damn 🍨 time 🍧.
She obviously has good taste.
I mean, it's ice cream. If it's in the freezer it's fair game. If Tim really wanted it, he would have eaten it.
And it's that time again!!!! #DevOpsPartyGames is back with Season 3!!!
Today's Image of the Day: Mars Perseverance Surface Operations Manager Pauline Hwang -
This psychopath needs to go to jail #ksleg
RT Season Three of DevOps Party Games kicks off tonight! -
Ugh... My oldest had to move to dairy free a few years ago. Sorry to hear you got both.
Congratulations!! That's amazing news!
RT George Floyd was murdered one year ago today. Since then, hundreds more Americans have died in encounters with police—pare…
Yeah it's beyond annoying.
CEO of the day 🔥🏆
Can confirm... My M1 with 16gb RAM outperforms my 2019 16" MBP with 64gb RAM. The fan on my M1 hardly ever comes on, and rendering video is smooth
6'2" (incidentally this is from Mar 3, 2020 in NYC before the first day of the last in-person conference, #devopsdaysnyc)
What non-Charbucks deliciousness did you order?
OMG... New uses for hands! Also, your hair colour is awesome!
#UpsideToColonoscopyPrep Number 266 - you finally get rid of that gum your mom told you not to swallow in 3rd grade
RT Tomorrow kicks off Season 3 of #DevOpsPartyGames, featuring
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew Dragon Resilience -
Slow poured water is best for you
A+ content Tim
Right start.
Either The Matrix, or A Fish Called Wanda.
Looks amazing! Where's the Guinness?
RT This happened
Yes please.
A-Team
RT As many of you know a member of our team was recently involved in a tragic hit and run car accident in San Fra…
Sounds like my life.
Yup. I can’t wait to give them out again (and receive them) to those who are ok with them.
I want an Oculus. I don’t want to log back into Facebook.
Get vaccinated #muFKR
Nice! Did you use k8s?
Still, to this day, my favourite email client
RT Mourners pay respects to an accomplished woman who touched many lives - Lovisa Svallingson killed crossing…
Used to do this all the time when in the office
The CDC has spoken
Today's Image of the Day: Firing Up the RS-25 Engine Test for Future Artemis Moon Missions -
So we know Obama can tell the truth.
I love the size of the 5 over something larger like the XL series always were.
Ok.... Fine.
RT Holy crap. Perhaps a U.S. Senator shouldn't suggest that the *Russian* military is better than the American military…
I had 10 coffees lying around. What did you want me to do, let them go to waste?
I can't do 1 coffee. Does 10 work?
That's just Gremlin
That's about when I started playing guitar (acoustic, and then electric more now)!
Absolutely would love to help
That's _very_ nice... Didn't know you played bass.
That and "gutted" are some of my favourites to use
Yep. I've described Jira to people as Atlassian taking the kitchen sink of ideas for an app, giving the UI/UX people a paid vacation to Arkansas, and then throwing all those ideas up on a wall after soaking them in glue so they stick, and then shipping the product. It's terrible.
Yeah Magnet has been one of the first apps I install on a new Mac for years. It's awesome.
Yeah the Ford Lightning actually looks awesome and is priced right
Happy Anniversary!! 🎉
Can confirm, this is a great talk!
Today's Image of the Day: Astronaut Mark Vande Hei Gets His Eyes Checked on Station -
Was a bit all over for us... I was born in VA, then moved to the Midwest, but my mom used both terms as we spent our summers in GA/VA/TN and she and my dad had been military brats and moved all over.
Wow.... I think I'm in love
I am in this tweet, and I'm ok with it.
Yep. Right back where it came from.
I'm so sorry to hear this Emily! She sounds like an amazing person, and I'm so sorry for your loss. 😥
RT “This is a slap in the face to every rank-and-file cop in the US. If we’re going to take on China, if we’re going to rebu…
RT So let me get this straight, Republicans needed one million hearings on Benghazi—Benghazi!!!—but the 1/6 insurrection they need……
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Today's Image of the Day: Taking to the Air and Sea to Study Ocean Eddies -
Rinse. Repeat.
Nice! Good to know then!
I'm not sure how much I trust this EInkPads site personally... It might work just fine - but I personally haven't tried it, so I can't vouch for it.
So on first look I see that RM2 says they don't support custom templates ( but then I see there's stuff about installing apps on the RM2 at which since it's a JAVA app reminds me a lot of the old Samsung rooting process (Heimdall)
RT Join us tomorrow afternoon!!
One conversation with and we register 4 new domain names and we have plans to disrupt the tech space.
OH: "Domain names are the 70s version of the salt and pepper shakers"
What if tequila were involved?
This. Will. Be. Epic!!!! #devopspartygames Season 3!!!!!
One person's dumpster fire is another person's tapestry
Hearing rumours about some amazing people heading towards a leading incident response company... #springDevRelMovementIsInTheAir
I haven't logged in for almost 3 years. Not regretted it at all.
Also... Is it too much of a stretch to read into what they mean by "the NICE Olive Garden?"
I love that term for Facebook... Going to have to borrow it.
RT When conservative men complain about "not being able to talk" on giant platforms, what they mean isn't really that they aren't…
Zan has been helping the team provide better mobile support, so don't hesitate to reach out with any questions!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SASHA!!!
It's because I installed this crappy profile pic isn't it? I _knew_ I shouldn't have bowed to peer pressure
Hey, lookie! I can Google too! EO’s are LAW you asshat! “Both executive orders and proclamations have the force of law, much like regulations issued by federal agencies, so they are codified under Title 3 of the Code of Federal Regulations...”
Wow! Congrats! Come a long way!
Ahh, the pettiness of the former Admin and those in Congress who would support them. Barr was a disgrace and things like this are disgusting.
Don't forget the little ones like me when you make it big in blockchain
I had grubs in Shenzhen with roasted chilis, so I get it. Nothing about a cicada sounds appetizing (and I realize the relative inconsistency given the sentence before this one).
Yess... True on the range... But, cicadas?
_That's_ your disappointment?
This El Salvadoran coffee from was really good as a campsite french press this weekend, and arrived just in time via
Today's Image of the Day: Studying Urban Air Traffic -
For that use case I actually would recommend a down camping blanket. You can get a regular sleeping bag that packs down small, and then add the blanket to it as needed, but also use the blanket around the house
Right there too!
So sorry to hear this! Sending thoughts, prayers, and strength to you both.
Those are pretty!
Very good thread
RT So many won’t even give peace a chance. And some won’t do so because they believe that peace is void of justice. But,…
Needed a good change of venue, and while this isn't the first choice, it'll do.
RT Maybe we shouldn't keep retweeting the nonsensical rambling press releases of a vile, traitorous, outvoted monster—becau…
No.
OH: "In college I used to catch the wolf spiders in our house and put them in timeout in a jar for a week, and then let them out to go play with the other outdoor creatures." Me: "Umm. Nope."
Damn dude! 🔥 You're amazing! 🏆 Congratulations! 🎉
I'm a hacker because I don't know what to do with the kids
RT Kobe Bryant: Hall of Famer Mamba Forever. (via
Love Idaho. It's a bit unknown in its beauty, and I love every time I spend there.
At 19 I was asked to leave the church choir because my goatee would lead people to think we supported the "beatniks" (mind you this was 1996). I could have a full beard or moustache, but not a goatee. I left the choir, and soon after, that church.
RT 1. By replacing Cheney with Stefanik, the GOP has centered itself around a cult of personality, in which sacrificing princi…
Hold your horses there Skippy
Well, now what am I supposed to do with all this fermenting yeast?
The “supply chain” metaphor fails as open source isn’t a supplier - there is no supplier relationship between the creator of open source &amp; the consumer of open source. You could create the relationship by paying maintainers. Foundations rarely help. - at #monktoberfest
Companies are investing in #opensource to buy insurance - because it’s CHEAPER. Producing open source is now exponentially more expensive, because of the software supply chain. - at #monktoberfest
“Open Source Software” is just software… and accounts for 70-90% of all software in production today. If it’s not a business model, why does it have a TAM of trillions of $$? And what are companies buying with a foundation? Insurance. - at #monktoberfest
The conversation of “open source isn’t a business model” isn’t helpful in the grand scheme (and isn’t coming from maintainers)… Thinking about _better_ business models is what we should discuss. Extreme capitalism paper says - at #monktoberfest
We’ve been talking about #opensource maintainer burnout for many years, because we’ve been framing it incorrectly. The maintainer list is _not_ symmetrical with the download growth of npm, and it was absolutely not sustainable _then_, and isn’t now. - at #monktoberfest
Fourth talk of #Monktoberfest 2024 is with their talk "2 Wolves"
Next level fashion sense
Pre-req for culture change though, is to be open to AND facilitate feedback. Culture is the norms &amp; values of a community and a workforce is a network of people which can be a network of care. Find ways to lift each other up, tend the culture. - at #Monktoberfest
Steps for culture change 0. ID your own values (go to therapy before starting company) 1. Identify org’s _enacted_ values 2. Find the gap, change the norms (bottoms-up change requires top-down leadership) 3. Build habit of reflecting on values - at #Monktoberfest
Norms themselves are easier to change than values, and people are more willing to change their behaviour than their beliefs. But it also means those norms are more brittle. - at #Monktoberfest
Design systems so the easy path is the right path. This enables people to make the right, moral choices and the cost of a “taboo” becomes a lot cheaper. Culture change: creating the conditions that make it easier to choose the right thing. - at #Monktoberfest
Knowing a disconnect exists doesn’t make it easy to deal with. Gaps between the stated values and revealed values reveals itself often in burnout. Burnout is a direct result from “moral injury” and not from working too hard. - at #Monktoberfest
Organizations often fail at “values alignment”, like this statement from a company that installs keyloggers on employee machines…. which goes against the very statement itself. stated values != revealed values - at #Monktoberfest
Hiring for “culture fit” doesn’t really tell you about the person or how they’ll be in a situation, but “values alignment” tell you a lot more about that person and how they apply them to that situation. - at #Monktoberfest
Culture does matter - seeps into everything you do &amp; is an indicator of the norms &amp; values of a community. - Norms are the things you _do_ (doesn’t make it good) - Values are _why_ you do it These filter down into culture fit, i.e. alignment - at #Monktoberfest
The third talk of #Monktoberfest is talking about values and how companies don’t really model them. In business school and on hiring panels they’re looking for “culture fit”, which is a form of bias and gatekeeping in the whole process.
It is amazing. Each season builds on the previous brilliantly.
YES! Heroku has definitely been missed
Putting these steps in place to intervene and mitigate Code Review Anxiety means bringing it forward - Talk about Code Review Anxiety with your team can open up conversation with others. You can get the workbook directly from Pluralsight. - Carol at #Monktoberfest
Empirically test the Code Review Anxiety intervention by working with the group, and look at the data to identify what changed and the results for the groups. - Carol at #Monktoberfest
This has glorious, familiar vibes
My brain just misread that as "do you ever miscount your blessings" so I think that answers it
RT Check this fantastic analysis out.
Ahh the literal best
To be clear, that's "wear a mask" while he's listening to the story?
I'll walk over for the smoker. And to project manage.
RT important 🧵 birthrate is directly attached to the costs - financial, emotional and time - that are the reality for parents to…
I love a good acai bowl!
Abd obviously scheming world domination
Absolutely spot on. This is what I've pushed for years, and always put into action with my teams.
Fast forward a few years and we may be seeing an NFL Films production about another superstar Buffalo could have had
Brilliant
RT SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT: Kicking us off at #DevOpsDaysKC on May 15, 2024 will be with her talk: "Mastering the F…
RT Thank you for sponsoring #DevOpsDaysKC as a Silver Sponsor! Grab a ticket at and join h…
"Every gambler has a tell. Modesty was Gambit's" Damn that's good. #XMen97
RT Women shouldn't have to be near-death to get the treatment they need. Presidents shouldn't be able to do whatever they…
Yesss! Looking forward to it next week!
It was a pleasure sitting down with at to talk about Developer Experience
RT you wouldn’t last an hour in the asylum where they raised me.
This has been a long time coming! Congrats to the Notion team!
"The key to discovering life on Mars is to find someone who built a camera and landed it on Mars. Then you just look through the pictures for plants and dogs and stuff." via
Who's signing up for this "sing at an indoor chorus" activity?
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Spots a Cosmic Cloud’s Silver Lining -
They can social distance... right off the cliff
Is that what the "Fauci Ouchie" really means?
RT I don’t have all the answers but I am convinced they don’t always come from the loudest voice in the room.
Me: "Honey, I know I may be taxing, but at least I'm not like Gerald!" Wife: "Mmhmm. Love you." Me: ......
Here's one I gathered together today from other stuff... Love me some ska today!
It's (now) all your fault I screen my phone calls
MRW when someone complains about needing to check their tech before giving a talk on an online platform since they've been doing a lot of these over the last year - and they can't mute their mic while someone else is presenting during said walkthrough so we hear all they're doing
RT BREAKING: TripAdvisor lists Oracle Cloud as the top cutting-edge cloud platform
{Tax|Eat} the rich
Today's Image of the Day: A View of NASA’s X-59 Engine Inlet -
I love ska twitter.
This is how I imagine it for both of you.
As someone born in VA Beach, and now live in Kansas City... This map needs some serious introspection. Also proves to me why TripAdvisor is shit.
Oh my that looks delicious
Great thread of what the GQP thinks you do when you tour the U.S. Capitol.
"Stop being a hero to become a great developer advocate" –
Well, that's a natural place to do so, since it's usually a captive audience
RT Transparency and community come hand in hand. Want to build a great community-driven business? Build a radically transp…
You can always check out the "Jobs" page on the website
RT We thank all of you, our customers, community, partners, investors and team for being part of this incredible journey to Seri…
RT We should all have a problem, not with Tim Tebow, but with the Jags signing someone complete unqualified!!
Left wing cancel culture really sucks huh? What a disgrace you are.
RT When your voting “reforms” stop black and brown people from voting that is racism. End further discussion.
Estes Park area. I'm good with some snow, but the forecast actually calls for scattered precipitation from Fri-Mon so I should be good 🤣
It's why we always just default to Comic-sans
RT The world of software is evolving. And so are we. Why we acquired &amp; what its best-in-class release orchestration ca…
I wonder if will deliver to a campsite in Colorado?
I love my 2, which I purchased _solely_ on the recommendation of Ian... and it's amazing.
RT The fact that Republicans are saying Liz Cheney “doesn’t represent their values” because she told the truth sums up the…
Today's Image of the Day: Systems Engineer Allen Chen -
Living on the edge there when you're drunk... lol
Two more days until I will be back in the mountains of Colorado. It's been a long year.
Yes, and those are good times. I miss them.
Shall we do a happy hour soon? Or an extended "working lunch"?
Not the first one of these... 🤔
I don't know... They go on to mess some assholes up, right?
I'm down.
Type your name into the GIFs. The third one is when you're drunk.
RT It's the responsibility of all Americans - and American Jews in particular - to speak up about the unjust and un-Jewish…
RT giving Rand Paul "all due respect" would involve nothing more than a good solid nutpunch
RT On our platform, you can move data into and out of jobs, persist data, and with #workspaces, move data between jobs. This pos…
Oh. My. Gosh. SO CUTE!!!! So happy for you and Atticus!
SOLD!!!
Me either 🥺🤔
Nothing worse than canceling your order because it's been sitting at the store for over 40mins, and then having to decide what you're going to now have for lunch.
RT Hi there 👋 If you've ever used we would really appreciate if you could take this short feedback su…
Right? Just after I joined we did our Series E, and now our Series F!! Definite correlation!!
And if it wasn't clear, we are hiring!!!
Oh, and did I mention Series F along with acquiring Vamp?
The team has been growing by leaps and bounds... and today we add the team!!!
RT Please stop comparing Tim Tebow with Colin Kaepernick. Tim Tebow was given every opportunity in whatever sport he want…
Some great advice from on interviewing your community members "How to Conduct Community Member Research Interviews"
So... how was it?
Today's Image of the Day: OSIRIS-REx Bids Farewell to Asteroid Bennu -
😭
I hope the stars align so that we can once again get together
Brandon, you've been a very formative influence to me and the DevRel community over the years, and I feel lucky to call you a friend. Thank you.
You and your family be safe!
We are not worthy Sasha.
It's the little things that truly matter!
Were they in a row?
When you turn your Twitter "ebooks" account back on for the first time in almost a year and the first tweet gets a bit too personal
RT Community isn’t just the external folks striving toward the same goal. It’s also the folks internal to an organization. I…
Don't tell me the NFL blocking #Kaepernick wasn't a race thing.. Asshat Tebow has been out of the league for 9 years, and Jacksonville is signing him to a 1yr deal? Kaepernick has been out only 4 years and never got another chance even though he was good. Tebow SUCKED.
RT A 🧵 on founding members: When choosing founding members for your customer #community, you might gravitate towards existing…
RT DevRel is an iceberg. If all you see is giving talks and writing blog posts and having lots of followers you're missing th…
Today's Image of the Day: Looking at Stars in the Early Universe -
RT Vaccinated
RT #KCDC is back! Sept 15-17 2021!
Shawnee Mission Park? 🤩 There's also Lake Quivira...?
Yeah Lake Shawnee is out in Topeka.
RT It is happening! The KCDC 2021 Call for speakers is officially open! #kcdc
Depends... From our galaxy? Yes (galactic law). Outside? No, as intergalactic treaties haven't been agreed on yet. I'm full of shit, I know.
Grew up in old OP and live in Shawnee now. This whole area is great.
We all know KC BBQ wins this
Actual representation of the size of my "pinch" of brown sugar
Kansas City. It's a hidden gem.
As you should.
RT
Just been too busy, and too many things needing done that I can't block out the time.
Yeah, I've popped into some sessions, but haven't really attended a full one or more than a couple sessions.
No. I missed all of Kubecon due to OKR work all week. I haven't really been able to do any online conference since March 2020.
I did this very thing at my laptop a few times today....
RT Maybe masks work.
Solid plan.
Only thing my wife saw was the bit on the "whistling skirt lady"... She wasn't nearly as amused as I was.
Missing some #Letterkenny in my life... Going to have to take care of that this weekend.
Yay!! Can't wait to share a Guinness (-es) with you somewhere
I'll buy one from you!!!
At DockerCon a few years back, used something to do this
Coming up in less than two weeks! Looking forward to getting in touch with my local #devops community
It's just a short hop, skip, and a bag of peanuts to this news story
RT There have been 12 major party nominees for president in the 21st century. Trump finished 10th and 11th out of the 12. So ye…
RT March 2020
No. They only took the Cliff's Notes version: 1. "We the people....." 2. "Freedom of religion...." 3. "GIEF ME GUNS..." 4. "TAKE THE 5TH DAMN IT!"
Well that just takes a lot of the satisfaction out of farting in public.
Congrats! Welcome aboard!
Cleanse ye olde timeline
RT There should be no reason why a deployment cannot happen anytime — even on a Friday afternoon. Here are the steps you should…
Shout out to the nurses from KC!!! Such a great story here!!!!
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Gazes at a Cluster Full of Cosmic Clues -
Next up from my subscription is a Peru El Bebedero Natural processed coffee from
Oh my... That sounds amazing.
RT Reminder: Don’t post your full vaccination card!
Quality ROI right there
How are the tacos though?
Yeah it will be certainly interesting
Ours has been Republican for awhile and has handicapped our Democrat governor at every turn in her attempts to get us out of the pandemic. That's why this is so shocking. It's of course about the money.
I mean, sure. It still has to pass the Kansas Senate, who have been colossal idiots for a long time, but this is a great step!
Holy shiiii... I thought for sure Kansas would be one of the last, but I guess true to form we're right in the middle "Medical marijuana passes Kansas House in historic vote"
Hard to say actually...
Maybe do better documentation and keep better notes? ¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯
Maybe because this is a shitty opinion?
Young people... DO NOT LISTEN TO THE NONSENSE COMING OUT OF THIS PERSON'S PIE HOLE. Take PTO. It is your manager's job to control workflow, and if there is too much work for you to take off, they are understaffed and you are overworked.
So this is a monumentally terrible take. But, then again, I looked at your profile and it says you do lawsuits for tech companies and it all became clear. Please stop spewing this nonsense and anyone reading this should view it as such. To the young people in tech: Take PTO.
RT I encourage everyone (particularly people who are asserting that my father would be disappointed by awareness of and educa…
Yeah... This 🧵
RT I believe.
RT Progressive delivery is about testing software through limited releases.
Are you someone who loves DevRel and Community? Do you love creating processes, frameworks, and managing projects? What about metrics and figuring out the best tools to use for a DevRel team? Then you might be interested in this role! 😄 🙌
Today's Image of the Day: Hey Ricky: It's Teacher Appreciation Week! -
It is now canon
Ok who removed the webcam cover in my house?
This is amazing, and going to be a great outlet for community-built content
RT Even if Biden’s plans are passed, we will remain on the smaller-government, lower-tax end of the spectrum, but we will have a…
It's past noon in New York, and it's after 5 in London. Time (and space) is all relative. Start drinking.
I'm wondering if you've ever read a Terms of Service for any application/service you use? With stupidity like your tweet, I doubt you have since there are some big words, and a toddler has more reading comprehension than you. You are such a colossal idiot.
"Developer Experience is frontloading the empathy" -
RT Oh y’all sorry now? 👀
The team continues to add new ways to integrate your #devrel activities, and Discord is a great next addition!
Cheney just needs to flip her finger at the GQP and turn Democrat or Independent before they can do a thing
Today's Image of the Day: President Kennedy Awards Alan Shepard NASA's Distinguished Service Medal -
Look forward to seeing how it turns out. For me, it always gives a nice, thick bark.
So Quickly Lost
I'll forgive you! 😆 According to the organizers, the videos will be posted to the YouTube channel ( and the Twitter account will provide updates on when they're up.
It takes a village
Yikes... Yeah...
Helen planted some amazing tulips
Woodpecker and sparrow while working the other day
Him and Alice also were great coworkers last week
Sorry to hear!! Biscuit had enough the other day and just collapsed on the couch. Literally had been like that for at least 5 minutes by the time I took this photo.
Evidently white tech bros 🤬😡🤬
RT this by is one of the smartest, most useful posts I have ever read. I highly recommend you read it if you care a…
Rocky Mountain National Park is a good option as well if you go a bit further into northeast Colorado. I'll be there in a few weeks actually.
RT The 2021 State of DevOps survey is live! If you can spare 20m to advance our understanding of how to build high performing t…
This tracks since I'm always yelling at my code to "Run, DevOps, RUN!"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my brother from a different parental unit... These last few years have been magical, and we have Mary to thank. Here's to another year together!!!
DevOps is like a box of YAML... you never know what you're going to get.
Thank you! Appreciate the live tweeting!
Hopefully at #Monktoberfest this year we can hear about your new role over coffee! =)
I can see this too....
A visual press release? I think? Or someone got into the edibles, watched Twin Peaks, and then decided to open up Premiere Pro?
Wow! Big news! 🎉 You've done so much, and been a great advocate for the developer, OSS, and Google was lucky to have you! Enjoy your break, and can't wait to see where and what you end up with next!!!!
Um... you ok
RT
Definitely would love to try it out and make the move to something better than LinkedIn
Oh 😍 my 😍.....
Looking forward to kicking off here at 9a PT where you don't want to miss the opening keynote with and then I'll be following up talking about DevOps in a Global Pandemic at 9:50a PT. There's still time to register FREE!
Today's Image of the Day: Discovering Circumbinary Star Systems -
RT There’s no such thing as a “personal decision” not to get vaccinated. You’re not just deciding for yourself. You’re sayi…
That’s proper planning right there. Diversify your fluid intake.
Compelling argument
Quite a few things stand out in this revealing look into last week's dumpster fire...
RT Do you want to speak at conferences? 📢 Here's a bunch of tips on how to get started ✨
Today's Image of the Day: Alan Shepard Completes His Mission -
Relatable.
RT Testing in Production
Come hear me give my first non-Ignite #DevOpsDays talk tomorrow from my dungeon! Signup at
That's what happens when we get older... we slow down. =)
Starting off this week is an Ethiopian Yirgacheffe from Ethiopia Yirgz. While I am not generally a fan of yirgacheffe's, this one is pretty solid and delivered right on time via You (and I) can get a free bag if you sign up at
Sigma lenses are awesome. I have the 16mm and 32mm.
I have an a6100 for my webcam, and a6400 for my photos. Love them both. You'll love the A7R
I'm at 12, and don't anticipate much more.
Can't help themselves....
And the finished product.. the bark on this was so pronounced and tasty, with the inside being *chef's kiss"
RT On #CNNSOTU calls out the "downright falsehoods" Republican leaders are injecting into American politics.
Yep. It is also simple that we can call him out on his hypocrisy and poor leadership.
RT Now IBM, revert the HashiCorp license changes, and you will be the real winners of cloud tooling.
RT The only things teachers should be armed with is a living wage and school supplies (that they didn’t have to pay for)
I don't see any access tokens floating around, so... It depends?
RT For this month's #DevOps KC Meetup, we've had a change of plans! We will be joined by , Spring Developer Advocate at…
Yeah Hulu has always been shit for content controls.
All ears... 😎🙌
And with the implication being spot on, you know it runs deeper
After a good few days in MIA for #InfobipShift, it's time to head home (only been home 3 days over the last 3 weeks 🥺). Thank you to the team for a great conference. Until next time...
I'll borrow from "you can't buy an IDP, but I'll sell you one" 100% agree here. You gotta put in the work and talk to your users/devs/practitioners and find out what they need, what they've used, what their (Developer) EXPERIENCE has been, and then proceed.
RT This pick changed everything ⏰
Wild last 24hrs. Hope it's a good one for you!
Wow. What a move.
No need to worry. She would never disappoint, because she knows so much more about you than us - so we could really learn from her. Hey - call us 😉😎
I mean she could just start asking questions, addressing them using the name she _wishes_ you had
She needs things to heckle you with? Is she all out of material?
We're a bunch of supporters alright
Can't recommend enough 's Old Man's War series, or really his entire catalog.
RT Yes America is inherently racist. That doesn't mean every white person is Archie Bunker. It means America is run by a series of…
"This Isn’t A Good Take: An Open Letter to Basecamp" (care to comment / or you keeping silent and hoping your assbaggery goes away with next week's Twitter scandal?)
Just under 21 hrs from first going into the smoker and it's off, wrapped, and into the cooler to rest for 2 hrs before cutting.
RT ✨ NEW✨ podcast from CircleCI: The Confident Commit! Join the conversation on how to deliver software better &amp; faster. Ep 1:…
RT Ted Cruz says the Republicans Party is the blue collar party. He fails to mention the fact that the leader of their party lives a…
RT Dude literally escaped Texas’ last crisis to a Ritz Carlton.
The rub is prepackaged, but I am working on developing my own.
RT In my latest I reflect on the year of the racial pandemic within the viral one. In sum: People of color were inf…
The only pellet smoker I've owned has been this one, but I did a lot of research and heard from a lot of people. Love this smoker.
Pretty consistent for me. The blower keeps the smoke moving and the exit vents are placed nicely for that. Not sure if you can tell with the wind as well.
RT "I got COVID-19 and it was fine"
RT And now, Green Bay. I am going to re-post this video every time I hear about a mass shooting. If you're tired of seei…
Thank you.
Painful for sure... Laughed so hard that my sides are permanently injured.
Yes.
The RT-590.... Would have gotten the 700 but didn't have the extra $300 budgeted. Love the smoker and their customer service is amazing.
Just removed the wrap. Been in the smoker now for 13.5 hrs and currently at 175F. 🤩
The grills (like most pellet grills) have PID control that keep the temp where you want it, adjusting the auger as needed.
I mean, I see no reason _not_ to get one for every employee
My plan is to smoke it for the next 4 hours at 220F, and then around midnight wrap it and set the temp to low (higher smoke) through the night, and then back to 225 in the morning.
And it's on... And now we wait....
After 10hrs dry brining, it is time to slather the molasses on, add the dry rub, and then get the smoker started #jeremysMeat
Grand old party. Yes. I know. It's still a wrong answer.
There's so many good takeaways here Sasha!
I love this piece by on the difference between a conference talk and a customer presentation
Perfect, and unintentionally timely, from Sarah on leadership
Wow... Amazing thread/collection of advice for writers, applicable for anything you might write.
Fair...
RT Oh shit.
Great little story about I'm not really a tennis fan, but I would watch Andre and loved him.
It's a nice change from using mustard.
Dry brining with kosher salt, and then this afternoon I'll slather it with molasses and then a nice rub from Jeff Stehney and put it on for a 18hr cook
RT Happy May Day / Hyvää Vappua
Weekend project: smoke a brisket on the for an early Mother's Day celebration... Trimmed a 17.4lb brisket down to ~16lb. Time to dry brine, and let it set for about 8 hrs. #jeremysMeat
RT This thread 🤯 Amazing people who believe in inclusive teams are available in a once-in-a-lifetime moment. Hire accordingly.
RT Code Reviews Can Get Political Says Software Company, Please Do Not Do Them At Work
Given who is joining Gaetz on this ridiculous bill, it begs the question... What are they afraid of?
Genius. Pure genius.
There are a number of things you'll need to edit to personalise that for yourself, but it works quite well.
It's actually pretty interesting... Using you can script the reinstall of Mac App Store apps, and "brew bundle dump" is part of that process too. I use a process like does with and "yadm"... just fork and do yours!
RT Might be hard for to yell about Apple's app store policies if he doesn't have any iOS developers left to write the app…
We are currently witnessing, in near-realtime, the implosion of a profitable 20+ yr company.
Outlook has a "default response as maybe" option? Or are you talking about no response signalling by default that you're a maybe since it's still on the calendar, just in a no decision state?
I get it. You aren't alone in getting all these meetings "a day", or the number of meetings per day/week. I'm still saying I think it's inconsiderate. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ We all gotta deal with what we can deal with.
Fair enough. The need to see if you can attend with context makes sense. But think about it from the perspective of the person inviting you... how considerate is it to them to literally just ignore? Like, you have to go back at some point and look at the context to attend, right?
Only 19? I'm not trying to minimize your busy meetings, but it's 1-2 seconds each to click the RSVP and then Accept or Decline. You're leaving the people who invite you to something in the lurch, whether you go back and decline on the day of or just don't at all.
It's really not that hard, even in Outlook, to click the nice "Accept" or "Decline" option, and remove all guessing.
Just saw your replies... yeah I think that's pretty inconsiderate of my time. If I invite you to something &amp; you don't reply, it's going to have me constantly guessing "did he get it?" or "is he really coming?", &amp; having to wait to "eventually figure it out" is just rude.
Are you saying you just don't "Accept" or "Decline"? Or that you'll accept but don't feel the need to respond with an additional "cool! I can't wait!"?
Nice. I usually edit the resulting Brewfile so I get rid of crap I forgot I installed lol. Done this twice in the last week. Yeah.
If you are coming from an old one, and you still have it on hand, you can use "brew bundle dump" to gather all of your pre-existing homebrew apps that you want to keep on the new system, as well as the "mas" cli for automatically reinstalling all of your Apple apps
RT "We must reclaim voting rights as a moral issue in this moment and stand together to demand the passing of federal legisla…
Yeah, I should have said "issue with filevault" instead of it being a filevault issue
So glad I never got a job at Basecamp when I applied years ago, as I now see what collosal douchenozzles their founders ( and are. I had put their books on a pedestal, but now I'm questioning how much of them comes from their white tech bro toxicity. #turdmuffins
RT You can now enable dynamic config to define pipeline parameters, generate config, and more! Read our full announcement here:…
So I finally found out the issue.... Seems it's a FileVault issue and can be fixed if I use a USB receiver instead of Bluetooth.... bleh
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Views a Dazzling Cosmic Necklace -
So sorry to hear this Phil! I lost my grandpa back in October, and it's still raw. Thoughts and prayers to you and your family during this time.
RT X : What do you think about politics at work? Me : Do you mean politics in the office? X : No, talking about politics. Me : E…
Feel free to DM and I can see if there's something I can do around this.
RT People like Giuliani and Gaetz are being investigated because they’re criminals not because they’re Republicans.
Oh yes, and are permitted to be political when it fits them (Hey and Apple Store), and likely on company time, equipment, and discuss it on company comm platforms, but not the employees who make the money for them to be... political.
RT My point is this. What we're witnessing is what Whiteness has always done when confronted with unpleasant things. "I'm changin…
RT Privilege
It's HAPPENING TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!
I stand corrected. Maybe I need to get a uke...
You _want_ to work with Stahnke and the Platform Engineering team here at CircleCI. I hear they're even looking for a backup ukulele player... Check out for all the openings!
Quite nicely in fact...
He already starred in his own documentary
There's your problem... You're trying to climb out of a pit with Apple's pinwheel of despair
Fucking Todd. I bet he'd be shocked to hear what his friends say about him in online chat rooms, and around the virtual watercooler.
RT When a person of colour says something about racial bias or privilege and you whitesplain back to them why they’re wro…
Hah no worries
Like, almost all the time.
Tough call... I need to plan this out. I do remember (and wish you'd kept that video) us singing to Oasis in that odd bowling alley in Brum. Also the same place you corrupted my innocent soul with those bitter shots.
I miss karaoke
👇👇👇👇
#Pixel5 ftw
A great thread on leadership, but this is a great part of it. It is the leader's responsibility to take the L and eat the shit. That don't roll downhill.
Today's Image of the Day: Space Launch System Core Stage Arrives at the Kennedy Space Center -
RT PUSH &lt; PULL when building community. PUSH: Launch a community and then promote it to as many people as possible, hoping t…
RT Building a community is not a one-time sale. You don't just "get more members in the room" and consider your job done.…
RT I don’t know if race has played a factor in star quarterback, Justin Fields, sliding down draft rankings. But I will pres…
RT Tim Scott: “America is not a racist country” Also Tim Scott: They used to teach racism in schools. Also T.S., but 10…
RT And with that Ted Cruz has officially fought back harder against a tweet from a late night show than he ever did when Tru…
I did this once, but was almost punching my MacBook screen so hard to select a folder that I almost knocked it off the table at the crowded coffee shop.
#CancunCruz falling asleep during the #BidenAddress speaks volumes... What's the matter ? You bored?
RT This is Fritz. Respectfully, no you may not have his ball. The last time you took it, you threw it very far. He doesn’t have…
RT Just one of the many types of sessions I provide!! For more info on what other types of Graphic Recording I do, you can c…
Yeah I'm switching to the HD60 S+ to see if the same issues persist
Anyone else having issues with their USB Capture card (i.e. Camlink, etc.) on Big Sur? What I am seeing is my video will cut out and I have to unplug the capture card, power cycle the camera (Sony a6100) in order to get my camera back.
RT It's time for leaders to lead. A couple of years ago I had a conversation with a CEO about talking with his team. He was nervous:…
Nothing ruins a day like decaf
RT many things can be true at the same time, like you didn't violate labor law AND you are an asshole who feels chil…
A marvelous thread of great advice from Dan Kaminsky. #RIP
Today's Image of the Day: Constant Gardening on the Space Station -
Only one way to find out
Have they just gone full AI/ML and dialed it in?
RT I can't believe Rick Santorum said that thing that I’m not surprised Rick Santorum said.
🤩❤️
My wife and I are trying to decide on watermelon or pumpkin
The math checks out.
Every time.
Oh yeah, they will take over everywhere
You. Are. Amazing. Destroy them.
OH: "Is that the whole drawing?" #devopspartygames
Well, is it a HOT Krispy Kreme?
Git needs these commands.... #devopspartygames
#devopspartygames
And we're LIVE!!!!! #devopspartygames
RT We are streaming the Season Two finale of #DevOpsPartyGames in about 90 minutes! Join in on all the fun (it's more fun wh…
More like he's cheating by spinning up multiple Chrome instances to vote as an audience member, thus increasing his chances of winning.
I like where your head's at Bonnie
RT Damn I guess DHH’s gone… 😎 … off the rails
Timeline cleanser 😂🤣
Megan has a great rant here... Take some time to injest some dev experience knowledge
I mean, adding an Oxford comma would have made it OK.
RT It’s #WorldImmunizationWeek! Vaccines will help us end the #COVID19 pandemic so we can finally be closer to each other again. #…
RIGHT? That was the dealbreaker on that particular item.
I have reached peak adulthood. I bought a "Reading Pillow Bed Wedge Large Adult Backrest Lounge Cushion with Arms and Pockets". It arrives today.
I've heard it said by nurses in maternity wards that white male babies are the biggest wusses in the ward.
RT I did an oil painting last night of Vincent Van Tormund
Right? Like just completely stepping into his privileged white tech bro cardigan and Birkenstocks (with socks of course... he's OG) with _another_ terrible take
Definitely Seattle.
Wow - quite a political post... on company time, on company hardware, on company properties...
RT if the last few years have shown us anything it's that politics is for everyone, and it touches everything we do. if we care…
RT In just a few hours we're hosting the awesome folks and from who will be talking #CICD…
"k" is the new "your mom"
TONIGHT. 8PM. The Season 2 finale of #DevOpsPartyGames. Be there!
But remember, Fox's lawyers argued _IN COURT_ that no reasonable person would believe anything Tucker Carlson says.
Today's Image of the Day: A View of SpaceX Crew Dragon Endeavour Approaching the Station -
Thank you for this wonderful share. I grant you 9001 internets today.
Yep - that's the only way really. Money talks.
Right? Inciting violence against families and children... there is no bottom for him, Fox News, or the GQP
Great summary 🧵 of the changes made at Basecamp, and the blog post announcing them.
#TuckerMustGo
. needs to fire Santorum. His white nationalist rhetoric has no place in the public discourse. Do not give him a platform.
Ahh yes... The bad leader raises their bloody head again. Your team's successes are THEIRS ALONE. Your team's failures are YOURS ALONE. How do leaders consistently get this wrong?
RT Hey so here's a thing about banning "political discussions" from a space because they're "divisive:" that does not resolve t…
That is a pickle... I'm sure it will take you at least until 530 or 6 to debate the implications of a decision.
Like, a terrible quote to use! "The martyrs go hand in hand into the arena; they are crucified alone." FFS white tech bros... A bit low on the attention there?
RT As a... – founder I want to... – ban discussing issues in the workplace that do not have any impact on me so that... – i…
RT This man gets it. Does your employer?
RT States have just learned how many seats they have in Congress for the next decade. This process is an important step in ma…
This post from Basecamp is typical, monumental, white tech bro BS... "We aren't going to be political", "we won't pay for wellness options" (completely voluntary btw), "we aren't about social impact"... Oh and also "APPLE WON'T PUT OUR APP ON THEIR STORE AND WONT GIVE US MONEY"
Because he played for Arsenal, is their all-time goalscorer, and to Arsenal fans, Arsenal == PL?
Like, the white privilege flex is strong here...
So... I'm wondering what's changed in the last, say, almost 16 months? Because this goes against your BS company statement now...
Rolling all of your DEI initiatives into being the sole responsibility of one person, who happens to be (checks notes) white, doth not a DEI initiative make.
RT The idea that white Americans “invented” America out of whole cloth is white supremacist narcissism – &amp; ru…
RT The only way to guarantee no political discussion at an organization is to only hire people where the result of politics does…
RT “DUCK!”🤣😭🤣
Some great tips on developer surveys from 's "Developer Research 101: The right methodology for reliable survey data"
Today's Image of the Day: How Stars Explode -
All of these... *Chef's kiss*
RT Tomorrow! Join us for a meetup with at 5 p.m. BST to see and demonstrate how your soft…
Yeah, it's definitely happening. Only question is "when?"
I had to go back to January to find a deep sleep average over 20min...
Have you not met me? "Functioning" is a nebulous concept... I've always been like that I believe ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
RT 46% of Republicans believe murderer Derrick Chauvin should have been found innocent. In other news 46% of Republican…
RT What you tolerate in your community says more about your community than what you don't. Be mindful of edgelords and slippe…
Same, I hardly ever get "deep sleep". What is that like?
RT Nothing about this is OK. Protesting is a protected right for a reason and I am REALLY done with men trying to sexually…
🖕🖕🤬🖕🖕
Tis true...
Good boy Merlin!
Hope it's nothing serious! 🙏
Oh no... What happened?
RT Can't believe this is real. "Eye-popping" Biden's proposal for top marginal income rate is 39.6%. Here's what it was in th…
There were a few "not a good idea" ones
DevOps is not something you can do to me
DevOps is not a good idea to be in Congress
Great thread by on getting started in DevRel
I really loved the movie. Will probably watch it again today.
RT So this seems to be the latest right-wing attempt to smear Bidenomics. There is, of course, nothing about eliminating meat…
Narrator: Flights to Cancun are on sale
RT Why my husband and I will no longer be going to Disney World
This weekend I'm drinking the first coffee from Peru I've had in awhile from courtesy of
RT I AM A GROWN REPUBLICAN CHRISTIAN MAN AND I AM UPSET THAT DISNEY WORLD HAS REMOVED RACISM AND DEPICTIONS OF SEXUAL ASSAU…
Ahh yes. mIRC! Those were the days of amazing community, ripping off capitalism wherever we could.
Sometimes you just gotta rip that bandaid off
Yes. Absolutely. 🤣
And VMware is killing it in the Cloud Native space
Right? All these points resonating in my bones. I fucking had an Atari 600 and was programming MF BASIC on it
I try really hard to be the second one
Fucking hell. All the things.
RT Why do we continue to gatekeep in tech…?
Saw Tom Petty. For me it's Nirvana. Had a chance and didn't do it. Regretted it ever since.
You got time to catch up
RT It's bringing us home at dropping the knowledge on developer experience!
Thank you!
Fuck yeah!
So, how did it go?
ERMAHGERD! So shocked! &lt;dripping sarcasm /&gt;
Makes you want to get knuckle deep in that page turned, doesn't it?
RT Happy Friday! ✨ Today we're celebrating Management is sometimes invisible. But for years she's been supp…
RT We will be closing out our May 4th event with a panel on Stressing Systems in the New World. Moderated by wi…
RT “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to get through this thing called life.” 💜
Timeline cleanser
RT Now live! Listen in as we explore the world of developer relations &amp; developer advocacy w/
This. Today is my 2 weeks since fully vaccinated notice to y'all.
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew-2 Launch -
RT Justice Barrett is set to decide a case brought by the same right-wing special interest group that poured over a million…
Definitely checks out
RT Officially starting the for literally everything campaign…
But wait, I haven't said anything yet
RT Learn how to deploy a Node.js application using #Azure containers to an Azure web app.
There's a lot of potential and directions they can go, and I look forward to it!
Same... I'm really liking it probably more than The Boys.
RT See also brilliant hack, McBroken, which tells you if your local McDonald’s ice cream machine is functioning or not…
RT "Without my family, I wouldn't be alive today." Community is what turns victims into survivors. It's up to us, as neighbours,…
I feel like a broken record, but really excited for this Season 2 Finale of #devopspartygames and the awesome group of players we have!
Just came across this blog post written by a few years back, and it talks about a much-needed phrase for any #cmgr, leader, etc. in dealing with conduct that isn't appropriate - "We Don't Do That Here"
RT ❌ False. The paper was published by an exercise physiologist with no academic connection to Stanford University or the NIH in…
That's awesome
Are you saying it's a conspiracy? 😂
RT Happening in less than an hour, join and as they host a livestream/meetup on our newly rele…
Today's Image of the Day: There's No Place Like Home -
Not to be outdone, decides to throw their beer at Clubhouse and Spaces and launch "Talks" (????)... That sounds like a terrible idea.
I believe that's in the cards soon
See? I feel like that's the deciding factor in his favour
I've heard that a few times... But I believe in giving the benefit of the doubt, especially if he brings smoked beast.
Bring the food, the shooting, bring it alllllllll.
Yes, so much yes! 🤩🤘
For starters 👋:
LET'S GO!!!
RT Hosting a Twitter Space about #CloudEngineering in a little over an hour! Come join in the fun - should be a great discus…
RT Looking to set up your own project in and configure CI builds? Check out this step-by-step process from
RT Tune in next week for the Season Two Finale of #DevOpsPartyGames, featuring
It's _ABOUT DAMN TIME_!!!!!!
I want to say "both" but that isn't an option. Then I see the design looks to have bacon... And I still want to choose "both".
Happy Anniversary!!!!
TODAY! In less than 1 HR!!!
RT "Ok, I get the idea. I get the idea" -- Stacey Abrams gave Sen. John Kennedy waaaaay more than he bargained for when he asked…
RT Stacey Abrams has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
This is quality advertising
ahh yes... the planning times! =)
Yeah it's the Logitech MX Mac keyboard and mouse - worked fine before Big Sur, now doesn't at login.
Hmm.. this has been the case with the Logitech MX Mac keyboard and mouse since Big Sur. Wasn't the case prior, so the assumption was that it's Big Sur exclusively, but maybe it's more a combination of how Big Sur handles third party accessories?
RT This explains literally everything...
Oh no! So sorry to hear that!
Today's Image of the Day: The Places We Call Home -
One of my biggest annoyances with MacOS Big Sur is that Bluetooth doesn't work until _after_ login. Which means that since I keep my laptop shut so I can use 2 external monitors, I have to open the lid to login and then shut it again at every restart/power on.
RT The attacks on the ballot box we see today mirror the racist attacks on political rights at the turn of the 20th century…
RT Breaking: Irony is dead.
RT Some people saw the video of a man being murdered and are pissed off at a guilty verdict. They are being very loud abo…
Almost 3 hrs and this horribly insensitive tweet is still up? Burn this account down.
I'm 2 days from my 2wks since full vaccination... I'm ready to go wherever, but sadly nothing yet. I am going camping in CO mid-May, and then Austin the end of May, so there's that.
RT DevOps Party Games is coming back next week!
RT Today, a jury did the right thing. But true justice requires much more. Michelle and I send our prayers to the Floyd famil…
Still not giving your wife pleasure huh?
RT Keeping mind that Minneapolis is going to have another trial for a cop murdering someone in several months, there’s no way thi…
RT I just keep thinking about how it took ALL of this to have one trial for one cop
RT A tiny bit of perspective: Derek Chauvin’s conviction is another validation of the everyday revolution of cellphone cameras. No…
RT BREAKING: Derek Chauvin has been convicted of the murder of George Floyd. For the first time in Minnesota state history, a white…
RT We need to do it for George Floyd for Breonna Taylor for Daunte Wright for Adam Toledo for Alton Sterling for Freddie…
RT Oh, that George Floyd were still alive. But I’m thankful for accountability. The work continues. Justice is a contin…
YES! GUILTY ON ALL COUNTS!!
The interesting story and progression of "How to build an app, get acquired by GitHub, buy an app back from GitHub and then sell it again"
RT Incredible. Was told the collapse may well see the Glazers cash out. This points in that direction.
RT “I’m tired of living in a country that treats Black grief as a threat and White rage as a sacrament” at
It's not too late to sign up to attend this month's meetup with Derris Boomer - "5-Tech Trends for Start-ups &amp; Fortune 500 Companies"
Major outage on user auth on Prod US and Preview US
Serious #hugops to the team today
RT With our next Ignite talk from incredible we will go back to 1996 and figure out how the time before DevOps was…
RT How many Trump-supporters who underestimate COVID and speak against containment measures and vaccines must get sick before…
Congratulations! That's great news!
Dude... I'm down to join you. That sounds like a barrel of laughs
RT "We are not watching justice for Floyd. We are watching an officer..be held accountable and receive consequences for being…
RT
Today's Image of the Day: SpaceX Crew-2 Dress Rehearsal -
Quality tweet, Kat.
All but the first picture are at the cabin 😁
Corden perfectly encapsulates how bad this "Super League" is for football/soccer... It's worth the 6min watch if you care about this amazing, beautiful sport.
Just finally watched BlacKKKlansman recently - didn't realise it was based on a real story _and_ from Colorado Springs
Rafting the Payette is really great, and I hear Coeur d'Alene is so beautiful.
Oh yes, Idaho is beautiful, and where we will most likely retire. The cabin we retreat to is there near the Sawtooth range, and the fly fishing is great. I need to have you both out the next time we're there.
🎵 go on take the money and run 🎶
And no, aliens didn't make you do it either.
RT You can't get phished if you never read your emails.
RT This coming Thur, Apr 22 at 10a ET/3p GMT+1, and will be taking a deep dive into the variou…
BASIC
Should be a good conversation!
Right? Adding one more technical level of difficulty means we could create a new job title of "Community Gymnast"
RT One of the greatest comebacks in NFL history. Thanks for being an inspiration, Alex Smith. (via
Boom. This right here. Go follow "Stop telling people to love America, and demand that America loves its people." -
Like... wtf?
RT The video from the last episode of #DevOpsPartyGames is finally up! (we had some twitch issues...) Check it out, especia…
And, stay with me here, some or all of these existing platforms have accessibility options....
RT It was just a few years ago that the GOP stripped Steve King of his committees for his history of racism. Now apparently y…
Happy Monday everyone
Ahh - when your org turns on SSO
*aggressive move... Ffs
Powerful, aggressive.kove right there. Show it who's boss.
And finally before it's all eaten, here's the finished cuts
And after 10 hrs smoking, and 2 hours resting... It's out and slicing up nicely. Quality beef here ngl
RT Zoom calls
Ew, Alex
Sounds about right....
After 6 hours, it's at 160F and wrapped in paper and set for the final smoke to 200F
&lt;insert Matt Smith's The Doctor giving a thumb's up and the caption of "Good Luck!"&gt;
Oh, I'll keep you apprised of the situation. Don't you worry. (Kept trying to post a GIF but Twitter's still having issues, so just think about John Candy looking at a big hunk of meat and sharpening his knife and fork together)
Today's #jeremysMeat offering is a 3.55lb chuck roast. It's been dry brined overnight, and now has been dusted and into the smoker at 225F for the next ~10hrs
Another plus for Marvel is a consistent, coherent vision, along with the long-term commitment to characters (and their actors) that allows for the audience to get attached to both and not be jarred when the TV show actors/characters don't line up with the movies.
Highly effective if I do say so myself!
Me, but _also_ garlic
RT
RT Naisha Wright: ‘Justice? What is justice? … Can we get a conviction? Can we get something? Manslaughter? Y’all see the dif…
RT Raise your hand if you would sue the absolute LIVING DAYLIGHTS out of a school official who asked your kid to show them the…
RT I got the J&amp;J vaccine ten days ago, so the reported blood clotting disorders hits close to home. Here's why I'm not l…
Oh no... Sorry to hear about your cousin, and I pray those currently infected are able to heal quickly!
RT GOP's new 'America First Caucus' follows in some blatantly white nationalist footsteps
As if the GOP didn't have enough white nationalist caucuses...
It me!! Come join me at #devopsdaysSEA #devopsdays
"premium yak cheese" is not something I expected to read, ever... But "toxic farts" certainly makes sense in that same sentence.
RT "Is POTUS going to remove an African American woman w/ decades of experience in the foreign service who's widely respected aro…
RT Our speaker line-up is live. Check out these amazing talks and register today to attend DevOpsDays Seattle on May 4th.…
RT A disgruntled man with easy access to a killing machine chose to kill. Eight innocent people dead. The only surprise h…
Yet another good Ethiopian coffee (tis the season), this time from (via The blackberry really comes through on this one.
Today's Image of the Day: Almost Every Galaxy Has One – A Black Hole, That Is -
RT We just paused an entire vaccine rollout because of a complication with a risk of 1 in 1 million. For Black men, the lifet…
1Password or Bitwarden are my personal choices. The biggest barrier, technical or not, is the learning curve to build the habit of using them. Those two IMO are the most user-friendly of the lot. YMMV
Yesssss! So awesome!
RT I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: If America were any other country, other nations would be halting aid and wea…
RT They shoot unarmed people and claim they had guns. They shoot unarmed people and claim they thought they were using a tas…
There are two different policing strategies depending on your skin colour. This WHITE man hit officer with a hammer and drove off at FULL speed with the officer holding on. Daunte had an air freshener and is murdered. Bountiful evidence that systemic racism exists, and yet...
RT For the first time EVER, the US government said Russian agent Konstantin Kilimnik provided Russian intelligence agencies…
This seems like a very normal occurrence for me
I mean.. that sounds amazing too
Lol it could be? Or while at the meeting you get sold a timeshare. 😂 But also you could think of it as like a "champion program" where those really passionate about a brand or product are able to grow in that tech, learn more, be ambassadors about it at local meetups, etc.
Wow! This is golden from Sarah!
Would love to get some feedback and votes here... Please RT for reach!
RT Your reminder that tear gas is a chemical weapon banned in war.
Thanks! I need to do the second part of this at some point...
RT We have a new YouTube channel for #DevOpsPartyGames! It would be super helpful if you could help us get to 100 subscr…
RT Join us on Thur Apr 22 at 10a ET/3p GMT+1 for a Community Livestream with and They'll be t…
Today's Image of the Day: Tokyo at Night -
My father setting his webcam up backwards in 1969 ❤️
Well, seems they're pretty reasonably priced
RT Steve Scalise is trending, so here's your reminder that his life was saved by a Black lesbian Capitol cop who covered his body…
Need me a deck of these
Oh no... Hope you're able to rest!
RT I like the way she says “you’re not super bright, Senator” without actually saying the words “you’re not super bright, S…
I'll take the latter!
RT GQP Logic: Let’s pass legislation and use government resources to cancel private companies for using private resources to sp…
Yeah the I* MacBook Pros just suck compared to the M1... I recorded a talk on mine and never heard a peep from the fan... But when I use the work 16" I7 the fan comes on when Google Slides goes full screen... It's insane.
It's amazing how much the M1 13" MBP with 16GB RAM _doesn't_ use the fan (or battery for that matter) compared to the I7 16" MBP with 64GB RAM
RT
Come check out Zan talking about #AndroidDev, testing, and CI/CD, and then join the Meetup community for future activities!
Sounds about right
RT Right-wing conservatives are here to convince you that murder is an appropriate response to property damage, but prope…
Clockwise does this quite nicely actually
It will as long as you stay out of the way and not end up on Funniest Home Videos with a wiffleball bat to the crotch
That brain thing again.... Overrated. Stomach always over brain.
Maybe we should talk about priorities? That seems to check a major box for a co-working space....
RT We've moved the videos for #DevOpsPartyGames off of my personal YouTube channel to a new one for the show! It would be su…
RT Announcing the release of the Open Source Way 2.0, a guidebook for open source community management best practices:
RT Giving a talk on #AndroidTesting today at our #ContinuousDelivery Everywhere meetup. This takes me back down the memory lane…
Today's Image of the Day: Sometimes Black Holes Are Prettier in Pink -
RT I can't explain the frustration or better yet the embarrassment I feel after becoming so scared and anxious just because a…
RT Good morning y’all! Don’t confuse the Black Lives Matter Movement with the Black Lives Matter Organization. Enjoy your d…
That's one angry woodchuck sitting in a meeting
RT This is "police accountability".
RT "If we had that level of endemic failure in any other government agency, every politician in America would say not just rei…
Gorgeous!
RT Our newest report finds police killed 1,127 people nationwide in 2020, disproportionately impacting Black communities -- more th…
Good write-up on the risk vs reward of the J&amp;J vaccine, and how we deal with the same decision multiple times per day. "The risk-reward calculus of the Johnson &amp; Johnson vaccine, visualized - The Washington Post"
RT Wait for it. Wait for all of it...
OH: "Rub a little Airtable on it" - #DevOpsPartyGames
RT I'm so excited for Devoxx UK in 2 weeks!! If you haven't got your tickets get 'em now 🎟️
We will just have to come up with something else.
Next up at #InfobipShift is Akin Akintola from talking about "Network as Code, Programmable networks at your fingertips". They've made it easier to deploy networks w/ their own "Network as Code", abstracting the complexities of interacting with carrier networks via one SDK
Mine will absolutely pale in comparison. You killed it, especially given the tech issues.
Damn it Gareth! That was the ONE thing we didn't want them to know!
At #InfobipShift it's from talking about "A Journey Inside the Developer Brain". Really breaks down the #1 skill - ability to learn. And it's already loving this talk, and it should be on the top of your list to watch from this conference.
And don't forget paper straws, the flat earth, and the dodo bird
Next up at #InfobipShift is with a conspiracy theory that #DevOps is an elaborate scheme to make developer's jobs more difficult in his talk "DevOps for Developers (or Maybe Against Them?!)". Slides are already up at
Next up after lunch at #InfobipShift is Mark Cornall from talking about "Unleashing The Power of Network APIs" via the GSMA Open Gateway and Camara Project ( // and building out the Telco APIs.
Fucking hell...
If you weren't already afraid... You should be now.
Take precautions
RT #nocommentrequired
Pick it up and see?
Tesco is amazing. Enjoy
At #InfobipShift we have talking about how to "Invalidate Inconsistent APIs with Idempotency".
"And Iiiiiiii, will always love Yooooouuuuu!"
Next up at #InfobipShift is a really cool history (created CodeAnywhere) on the evolution of Standardized Dev Environments (SDEs) from and what they're building with //
Damn it. Now I want one even more than I already did
RT
True story, I once worked at a pharma mktg company as a business analyst, which meant that I dealt with all of the business requirements to make sure that the devs made what the business wanted... Also meaning that I read through just about every disclaimer for every drug 🤬😭
And has no one paid attention to the pharmaceutical commercials? "I run the risk of WHAT coming out of all my orifices if I take your pill to reduce my nose hair?"
RT Let me bring this back for a third time.
Today's Image of the Day: Photographing a Black Hole -
It was amazing... It had a V-8 455 engine w/ 225HP, 3spd transmission, roughly 5MPG (🤣 ), and purred like a kitten. Was way too much car for a 17yo.
This is a literal "1 in a million" statistic. Everyone needs to remember how we use that in normal conversation, and then apply it here.
This is my first car... A 1972 Olds Delta 88.... it was massive.
RT OH: "Some VCs are basically timeshares for dipshits."
RT AMAZING how police consistently make the most “mistakes” when the person they’re dealing with is Black yet they manage to…
These sorts of petty things are what police have always used as loopholes to allow them to stop, search, and harass, looking for probably cause and/or reasonable suspicion. It's abusive and oversteps of power.
RT Let me be clear: American highways were too often built through Black neighborhoods on purpose—dividing communities, add…
RT White privilege is waking up in the morning, never having to worry being killed by a cop when you’re stopped for a hang…
RT *Kyle Rittenhouse, 17, white, walking right by police with his hands up after killing 2 men. They ignore him. * Daunte Wr…
RT If the thoughts and opinions of a documented abuser are "critical" for your organization to function, your organization…
KICKASS! Congrats Russell!
Builds callouses the earlier they start, so great job Dad!
Today's Image of the Day: STS-1 Takes Flight -
RT Reminder that tear gas is a chemical weapon banned in theaters of war, but American police forces use it on American citizens r…
RT 'White Lives Matter' rallies flop as hardly anyone shows up via
For what? Breakfast? 2nd breakfast? Lunch? Dinner? 4a snack?
RT To the best of my knowledge Florida is famous for literally every news article that makes Europe go "oh god that countr…
RT To the best of my knowledge Kansas is famous for The Wizard Of Oz and it's been downhill ever since.
RT To the best of my knowledge Missouri is famous for having a place called Kansas City just to confuse people.
RT Even if you’re fully vaccinated, the CDC strongly recommends using a password manager and avoiding reuse of passwords across…
I am here for either... Sounds fantastic
.....wow
RT Every great programmer I know has one thing in common: . . . . Just kidding, we're all unique individuals with different s…
RT Racism is not a difference of opinion.
That's what I'm planning on.
SAVAGE!
Necessary, and I get massive cringe remembering when I used to make documentation (printed and online) at Sprint and could use SnagIt in my sleep. It's also difficult to keep up-to-date if the product is changing fast.
RT
Tech Writer, a wholly owned subsidiary of Camunda.
RT It's so cute when men in tech pop up every time a high profile woman is finally verified, after asking for about 3 fucking y…
Quality rating system there Amara. #TeamOxfordComma
RT I'm just going to come out and say this: Speaking at in-person events for free (travel/etc. provided) = exhausting but fu…
I am now fully vaccinated 💉🎉💉!! Strictly coincidence that my 5G signal is broken at the moment
Today's Image of the Day: Celebrating Mary W. Jackson's 100th Birthday -
RT We just launched our website update with some fun new features! Check it out at Featuring: -…
The 5G signal I get now on my mobile is amazing
Solid joke right there
RT Verify already you cowards.
Yay! So well deserved, and way past time!
Yesssss! It's WAAAAY past time!
Oh really? Which militia are you a part of? And what might 2A be referring to with "well-regulated militia"?
The moustache is quite good
Would certainly seem to fall under "well-regulated", which means (checks notes) regulations...
Or, you own another company that uses the correct name, &amp; someone asks for something that is not the same as what you have &amp; gets upset, even though it's not your fault that the other company uses the wrong names. =) Hint: had that happen _many_ times per day for over 2 yrs
Right?
Looks like it was just before
Reading recipe books =)
I loved Papa Smurf
He literally said "we know best how to manage our economy, our way of life" - less than 2 months after Texas's failure to manage their economy and "way of life" (?) brought about HUGE power blackouts... Maybe go back to the drawing board there baby Bush?
I didn't say anything about 🍍🍕
What about Tears? Do you still have them, or are they No More? Also - congrats on the vaccine!
I have no idea why this moves me to tears, but it does. May it cleanse not only your timeline, but also your soul.
I'll just call twice in 15min so it goes through
Oh... Now I have ideas. Thanks all.
But can that courier knock?
But... what if I really want to talk to you?
RT Well, folks that was a short rodeo... I am now actively searching for a new job in developer relations. Retweets much a…
RT I gained a following in part because developers with larger followings would share my work. If you have a large following…
Glad you're feeling better! My second one is tomorrow. 🤞
I mean... Is there any evidence that they aren't?
I don't know that I've ever been there. I usually hit up Sightglass as my go-to. Next time I'm there (which _will_ be soon - I'm just speaking it into existence) I'll make sure to check them out.
This Kenya Gura from Four Barrel Coffee is really delicious, and for a light-roasted Kenyan single origin it's got some major depth! Thanks for including this in your coffee supply line.
RT 💎 here's a little gem to make your file tree more readable. The default indent isn't very deep. Take a look at "templat…
Today's Image of the Day: Blue Dunes on the Red Planet -
RT The Strange Loop 2021 CFP is NOW OPEN until May 5th for talk and workshop proposals! Please see
RT Colorado actually has 16 different acceptable forms of voter ID. Not just this list. And Sean Spicer is no longer paid,…
RT Get this. Last night I, along with a coalition of Black physicians, met with the President and Senior Leadership of the A…
Full same.
September, but I chose October. I'll be vaccinated fully on Friday, and 2 weeks after that I'm ready to go wherever. I don't care.
Today's Image of the Day: Researching the Environment and COVID-19 -
RT a real who’s who of ew david
RT Vaccine passports are hardly a novel concept. Countries around the globe, to curb the spread of deadly diseases, require f…
But not her empathy... She's got that down pat. Glad you're OK.
RT Learn how to build a custom pipeline into the deployment workflow of an web application, then regain full control of t…
Uh... Click the icon? ¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯
Also... Opt-Cmd-H will hide all but the window/app you're using; Opt-Cmd-M will minimize your current window
I feel seen - but not attacked.
RT It's true blue states like NY have restrictive voting laws of their own. But NY isn’t moving to restrict voting. Georgia is. W…
RT “We saw U.S. citizens living in Texas melting snow in their bathtubs to be able to flush their toilets in the United Stat…
RT Every single congressional Republican voted against aid to safely reopen schools.
Today's Image of the Day: Expedition 65 Soyuz Rollout -
RT Matt Gaetz says the Justice Department isn't "coming for [him] – they are coming for you." This is absolutely true. If you…
RT Join us on April 21st at 4PM when Derris Boomer will be talking about 5-Tech Trends for Start-ups &amp; Fortune 5…
You of course know they're total bullshit because they've been a thing for decades. You need a "vaccine passport" to go to school, and one to go to many international destinations. You're gaslighting and making something a thing that isn't for political gain on fear. #GOP
And quite a few others, like
RT Miss out on today's #DevRel Twitter Space? We've got the replay for you 🔥 Listen in as I talk to the amazing
RT The super power in Developer Advocacy is “Being able to see the best in someone” cc:
Talk submitted.... Will be there regardless.
RT speaking of the talk submissions have begun to roll back in. in case, you know, people had things they might…
Monktoberfest is going to be amazing this year
Everyone has a "vaccine passport" to go to elementary, middle, and high school, and also to go to Africa, India, China, etc.
Setting them up for success with the graph going up and to the right!
RT the human just learned. they will be working from home. for the foreseeable future. this is simply a formality. i was nev…
I've had a "vaccine passport" for years in order to travel to some areas in Africa, India, etc. They aren't new. What an idiot.
RT Opinion | The eruption of fake GOP outrage at MLB is actually very clarifying ([The MLB] underscored its support for “a…
I mean... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ all those things get dirty so having a good dishwasher heat pump is important?
When companies lobby against something that benefits the consumer, especially when it adds more things for the consumer, you can bet that the company is wrong and self-serving. Also, it's AT&amp;T. They're wrong.
RT Wow--SCOTUS doesn't just rule in favor of Google in but says that API reimplementation is fair use *as a…
Today's Image of the Day: A View of Northrop Grumman's Cygnus Resupply Ship -
Congrats! You're going to rock it!
Nope. From the threads there's that CEO saying the EA is a contractor from the Philippines
Congrats that's amazing news! They're extremely lucky to have you!
RT For everyone asking how Ronald did it: He had a rockstar EA who saved him 60% of his time Sending his faxes, researching…
RT When Ronald McDonald lost his circus job in 1929, all the top VC’s (Sequoia, Benchmark, WeWork Ventures, Chamath) passed o…
So what would you say, that you do here?
Or, Jenna why don’t _you_ start with James 1:27: “Religion that is pure and undefiled before God the Father is this: to visit orphans and widows in their affliction, and to keep oneself unstained from the world.” -James 1:27, ESV
Definitely not your loss
.....ok? FWIW - those are solid credits Taylor
I definitely didn’t _not_ do this once
It’s Sunday night - it’s all I got left.
Waited the requisite 10hrs
Immediate need to lay some cable then
Sounds like a solid upgrade to grab that last ⭐
Mary and Jeremy's guest room is awesome... 9/10 ⭐
RT First, some in GOP boycotted b/c players took a knee. Then, they boycotted b/c those players knelt. Next, they…
Oh come off it.. this elitism is bullshit. You aren't any less of a developer (or a person ffs) if you don't do those things. I could make the same case that wiping your arse is an art, your state of mind is wipe it, &amp; your knowledge of social media is how you take pics of it.
RT 🥚
RT Nice going Advertisement of the year. Hands down. It captured all of our emotions in under 60 seconds. And I 🥲…
It better have! Wow!
What even is that, and why is it not in my belly right now?
RT I mean even Jesus isn't gonna use Clubhouse.
RT Jesus was not white and wouldn’t recognize the evangelical GOP’s fake Christianity. Happy Easter.
Our kids, in unison, turned and yelled out, "SANTA'S DEAD!!!" The lady was mortified, our kids were proud of themselves (having informed the nice older lady about Santa's doom), and I giggled about that throughout the store.
One year, around Christmas, we were all shopping at Sam's and we were walking by this sample stand, and the lady there asked our kids, "Are you ready for Santa?"
We never did the "be good or X being will not bring you things". We've always tried to be a bit pragmatic with our kids around those things, and talked a lot about them as the caricature they are. We would start that process when they would ask "who's X". Funny story though..
Dude..... Heartbreak of a scene
Have they NOT seen the movies? Where's Brendan Fraser when you need him?
Assholes. Assholes hate libraries.
Travel by train and going to the library are amazing things. These 3 dudes though....
It's already been 2 years... Geez
RT Not all calls need to be video calls. Meetings can often be summarized in an email. Think about goals/objectives before you…
At we were the Auziros, at the Solacians... At we actually don't (to my knowledge?) have a nickname?
Is this a GNU thing?
RT
RT ‘I’ve Been To The Mountaintop’ #MLK April 3, 1968 (the evening before he was assassinated) Full speech:
RT Dr. King on the role of the preacher. From his last speech, given at Mason Temple in Memphis, #OTD 53 years ago, the nig…
The first vaccine has really been paying off, giving me amazing 5G speeds on - look forward to my 2nd shot coming up in 6 days!
RT One thing that doesn’t get talked about enough when it comes to #CommunityManagement is how vital it is to show some peop…
That's a big ouch... So sorry Matt!
Maybe diversity of thought? 😆🤩
RT Congratulations to for taking a stand on behalf of voting rights for all citizens. There’s no better way for America’…
Sucks when you hurt a close friend's feelings and you didn't intend to. All you can do is apologize, make amends where appropriate, and do better. But it still sucks
RT There is a demand for developer content and currently a race to buy more stuff to make that content. I had a chat with
RT Read it. Then read it again. Talking about community is easy. It's the work that's hard. It's the continued investmen…
BRILLIANT. Same one I've eyed a few times.
Which one did you get? Wife has dropped some hints and it's high time I pick them up.
How's the engagement there?
Moments for Spaces
Yeah, IMO it's got to be in the space or else it's not truly inclusive and not engagement
I'm assuming the desktop version could make this much easier?
I am 100% loving that Space (I had to drop). But how is the Twitter timeline that engagement? What about those who don't follow you, or you don't follow, and you don't see the conversation about the Space, during the Space? It really needs a text chat to be the killer feature.
subtitle being "how we finally defined 'devops' and took a nap"
RT Welcome to your #DevSecOps and CI/CD security guide. Here you’ll find everything you need to know about CI/CD best practices…
The energy here is extra... And I'm here for all of it!
Love watching this.... You're the real shit
Oh interesting
This magnificent specimen might just come close to unseating on my list....
Really good, classic Ethiopia Sidama Demeka Becha from via
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Revisits the Veil Nebula -
RT The idea that developer advocacy or devrel roles, in general, are somehow less technical than standard development roles i…
RT For everyone who doesn't know — this is a real app that you can go download now, for free:
Yeah, no this is good stuff and I could see doing an ongoing thing.
Hmmm... You might be onto something there
RT "Time is a human construct… and it's garbage." -
"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." - Douglas Adams #AprilFoolsDay
Today's Image of the Day: Space Station View of Sun Over Earth From Space -
So I can now do Spaces (presumably since I filled out the beta form).... And I have no idea what to talk about it. ┐( ∵ )┌
RT On International Transgender Day of Visibility, the Pentagon announced it would be dismantling several Trump-era policies…
Thank you for this thread, and I'll make sure the Orb team sees this
This is some really great feedback! Do you think you could start a topic over on and I can get our Orb team involved?
Fyi #AndroidDev!!
Zlatan is an unbelievable specimen
RT Check out these optimizations for open source project builds on CircleCI.
Today's Image of the Day: Penny J. Pettigrew, ISS Payload Communications Manager at NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center -
Ultraviolet is great, and all of the Riddick's (for me)
Maybe they're actually working?
In the "mail".... Hmmm....
But wait… that might put her to sleep quickly…
I have ambitions now #devopspartygames
Too real #devopspartygames
RT We are LIVE with #DevOpsPartyGames now with
Well, way better than me and plenty of others. You're awesome Jess!
Next up at #InfobipShift is who's talking about "Time Traveler's Playbook for Prompting GitHub Copilot" with the 2000s sci-fi series "Phil Of The Future" as the backdrop! Amazing talk!
Yeah, his reply to his tweet mentions "great for the employee but not the business", which even further shows he is bad at business and management
Kicking off #InfobipShift is with "Chatbots are Cool, but What Else Can Generative AI Do?"
Oh damn!! Season 3 already!
Rocking it Jess! Awesome to see how good you're getting!
Use Google Maps for which train to get on, tap in/out with phone. Rinse. Repeat.
RT We'd like to thank for joining #DevOpsDaysKC as a Silver Sponsor! Join on May 15-16, 20…
OH1: That's a lot of meat! OH2: Oh my God!
What an absolute treasure is!
RT In a sea of newsletters, Rendezvous with Cassidoo stands out above the rest. Broken into wonderful, bite-sized chunks, it…
Yes it's been too long
It was fine. We landed safe, with all of our necessary parts.
Yeah Delta still has a few of them, making shorter hauls over heavily traveled spots
Headed to Shift Miami... Flew in a Boeing 737 from KC to ATL with no issues, but now in a 757 to MIA... So...
RT Good to see Dopey still getting work. #DeadpoolAndWolverine #LFG
RT Sometimes the chyrons are just perfect.
RT It's almost time for #DevOpsPartyGames! Tune in at now to take part in a full audience-participat…
RT I'm pretty excited about some #DevOpsPartyGames tonight, it just a little over an hour! Who's tuning in? 8 PM US CT at h…
Power ale'ing
So glad you voted (checks my notes).... WAIT... YOU VOTED AGAINST THIS VERY AID GETTING TO THE PEOPLE OF NC? This isn't how this works... You can't take credit for something you LITERALLY didn't want to happen. Your lies continue to grow.
RT OMG this is brilliant
RT The Council of Elrond is a prime example of a meeting that could've been an email
I want that police box sticker...
YESSSS! They're so lucky to have you! Congrats!!
And move on to something better.
RT This kitty is very disappointed that society continues to protect abusers and blame the victims
RT Sharing this tweet again because I want to highlight racism and white supremacy as catalysts for voter suppression.
RT ANNOUNCEMENT: Leading CI/CD platform, offers a cloud-hosted compute option for users to build, test, and depl…
RT And we're LIVE on and discussing our new Arm compute resource classes and imp…
Don't miss this in 15mins! Arm compute in CI/CD pipelines on a livestream!
RT Let's talk about it! 🔥
Holy shiiiiiiii..... Yes. All things yes.
Wait... But it's still March 2020, right?
RT Check out #GOTOpia Chicago 2021 taking place online April 19-21! Join us there for 2 days of talks and 1 day of hands-on mast…
RT George Floyd's background is a diversion. George Floyd's weight &amp; height are a diversion. George Floyd's actions are a…
RT Today, I joined with John-Miles Lewis (son of #JohnLewis) and Al Vivian (son of #CTVivian) to release an open letter to co…
Wow! We at CircleCI just rolled out our Arm compute resource classes! If you want in on the Preview, you can signup here ( and read more about managing your CI/CD pipelines with Arm compute resource classes here
Today's Image of the Day: Exploring the Metal-Rich Asteroid Psyche -
RT Let me just go ahead and publicly say fuck all of this. Not just this example. All of them. You deserve every ounce of…
RT and there we have it. conflating "bigotry" with "attacks on free thought and speech". way to "both sides" it.
What's the NFT for this?
RT Tune in tomorrow for another episode of #DevOpsPartyGames! Featuring
This analysis 🧵 of the ridiculous arguments against banning assault rifles that the gun nuts use is good
RT At recent #PostmanGalaxy, our Sr. Developer Advocate participated in a panel on #DevOps, testing, and…
RT I wrote a Chrome extension on Twitch that highlights when you are on a GitHub repository belonging to an RMS open letter…
Come join us on another amazing episode of #DevOpsPartyGames this coming Tuesday, Mar 30, at 8PM US CT!
Definitely looking forward to this book
RT Women on Twitter: 280K followers, 17 books, internationally known, expert in their field: &lt;not verified&gt; Men on Twitter: 900 f…
CONGRATS Matt!! That's amazing!
Today's Image of the Day: Nearest Exoplanet to Our Solar System -
RT Join CircleCI's Sr Dev Advocate and Product Manager Alexey Klochai as they dive into CircleCI's new Arm compute pre…
Right? That was a lot of my thought too
Yeah they are trying to make an asshole look good
For reference, this load of bullshit is here at
As much bullshit this "support letter" of RMS is, at least they've chosen to self-identity so community members know where the signers stand around racism, misogyny, &amp; pedophilia. His views absolutely ARE relevant to his (in)ability to manage the community. This is GROSS.
I've always been a fan, but during the early 90s I was also a fan of the Fab Five, and I'm so cheering on and his team to win the #FinalFour
With a side of coffee
Or piss himself and go hide in a safe room
RT Warnock on CNN: "It is disconcerting that here we are again, fighting for what's basic, but we will not be worn down. We…
RT remake titanic but instead of sinking they get stuck in the suez canal so rose cheating on billy zane with jack is jus…
I pissed my pants just watching this
For some context -
Don't forget Infrastructure Week
I guess I need to try again
Next time I go to St. louis I will do so
Will add to my list then
Spare ribs are on their last burn... Threw some brats in for good measure
Well why didn't I think of that? 😂🤩🍺🍻
I've just never gotten into sours... Maybe I need a tour
Burnt ends are done and looking fine....
I don't make the rules Tim. did. But he's right.
He's right though
RT Don't take yourself too seriously. No one else does.
RT When white peoples by the millions immigrate here its called asylum and “we welcome our huddled masses” but if hundreds…
Hah... One side had a base of mustard and molasses and then store bought rub, and the other side had just the rub. I'm working towards figuring out my own rub recipe.
Ribs out and spare ribs and burnt ends in
Country style ribs and spare rib end for burnt ends midway (forgot to post)
Bluetooth be like....
I feel like if I understood it, I would be more angry
RT Voter fraud is a myth peddled by a Republican minority to disenfranchise people of color.
It's always DNS. Unless it's your Bluetooth headphones not connecting even though they did just 30min ago and are fully charged. But probably DNS still.
RT Can someone help Ted Cruz? I think he’s lost in the Rainforest Cafe.
Riveting account of the mission at the border...
The spare ribs will go in a bit later, but are marinating
Today's #jeremysMeat project is country style and spare ribs... First up are the country style ribs, into the smoker set at 225F.
I wonder if there are any captains/shipping companies that took the (then) bold move to turn around and go the "long" way when all this started? Their goods would be almost there by now.
RT Retweet if you think we need to pass the For The People Act to #SaveDemocracy.
Started watching and it's so good, and is so funny and perfect for the role
RT Greta Thunberg on report pollution impacts genital size: "See you all at the next climate strike"
#WearAMask
RT Me: I BELIEVE SCIENCE Science: please just don’t use your phone right before bed and right after waking up, it’s lite…
RT Republicans: “Democrats want to take all your guns from you.” Fact-check: False. Democrats: “Republicans want to take yo…
That would explain the unsteady video
That's not what Marketing means when they say "Buckle up! We're fixing to take off!"
Clearly identifies who benefits... Makes sense why GOP didn't support the #AmericanRescuePlan (for more info-
YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT
Right? Those days have long passed me by
RT Racism is not mere dislike. Racism is driven by power, by fear of losing it, and by a grotesque desire for more of it. R…
Love the mother here losing it after her child almost got taken away 🤣
RT Let's break down what's in the atrocious bill Georgia Governor Kemp just signed into law.
RT We're excited to be a part of #PWC2021! Sign up using our special discount code CircleCI15 at and che…
RT I need survey replies for a fun upcoming project vaguely in the tech/cloud/devops space...if you work in/with tech, pleas…
RT new concept for the logo RT if you agree
RT Hey all, I'm hiring for two roles. A customer marketing manager, and a developer advocate with a focus on writing. Please sha…
RT Humility comes from the same base as humiliate. With a huge ego, you're not seeing your actions as harmful to others, &amp; c…
RT This Tuesday at 8 PM US CT! Another fun-filled episode of #DevOpsPartyGames, featuring
RT Hey is the Suez Canal really slow for anyone else right now?
It can tell you a lot of things are coming - why stop at just food?
This is not hyperbole - it's actually what's happened in Georgia (and other GOP-controlled states are following suit)
And guess what... a new episode of #devopspartygames is coming up this coming Tuesday and you can check out what that means!
Here we are in 2021 and adds closed captioning to more games... OH: So jackbox games is more accessible than
RT During today's #TransformationFriday #OpenShiftCommons Briefing, join on "There's No Such Thing a…
Today's Image of the Day: Expedition 65 Crew Press Conference -
RT Just a friendly reminder that if millions of Black and brown Americans didn’t stand in line for LITERALLY HOURS to vote,…
Retire and be a stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder
Just wait till he starts eating slop with the pigs
RT Remember how in the 70s Oregon decided to strap TNT to the carcass of a beached whale?* I’m waiting for someone to sugge…
This. Is. Amazing. I haven't laughed this much in awhile. Thank you, Emily.
RT good for red hat
RT This was such a fun episode to record! Thanks for joining us, &amp; If you're interested in learning m…
I'm assuming that's also because your internal 5G signal went up
RT So, RMS is back at the FSF. I am struggling to see the rationale behind this. RMS's questionable behavior has been well do…
Because it wasn't a or ad?
I’ve been remote 10+ yrs (7 full-time, 3+ yrs prior w/ flex), and this last year is definitely not normal. Like not even remotely the same. I would have the house to myself, work at a coffee shop if I wanted, travel, speak, connect. Rinse. Repeat. The Now is not normal remote.
Who are they? That's an talk for sure
Yessss! 14 more days until I get my 2nd 💉
The only conclusion here is that the FSF values men over women. They've clearly left no other reasonable conclusion (Hint: there isn't one).
Today's Image of the Day: Frosty Sand Dunes of Mars -
RT ✨#22 DevOps Diary: Weekly Newsletter✨ *Community Highlight *Book by
RT We are calling for RMS to be removed from all leadership positions in the FOSS community, including the FSF and GNU, and for t…
Right?
This is WOW! Plus the two guys in front of him are trying not to laugh!
I can only assume that someone stole your phone and this thread is the result
Been going about this all wrong.... all this time
Got mine Saturday and still euphoric about it. Glad you got yours!
RT It’s 2021, and we still have to talk about equal pay for women. On average, a woman would have to work every day in 2020 and…
Republicans love to champion a balanced budget and responsible spending when the Democrat's are in charge
RT Let’s be clear: This is a deliberate attempt to undermine our democracy by making it harder to vote. That’s why passing th…
RT . makers of MATLAB and Simulink, developed an orb that fully integrates CI into their toolboxes. Learn how to auto…
End the filibuster... Return to simple majority and make it so the Senate _has_ to work together. With the filibuster they can play silly, childish games (this goes for both parties btw)
I would tell the NRA "thoughts and prayers" but I ran out of those years ago. They _can_ however take a flying leap.
RT This is incredible
The smell alone is a biohazard
And just like that, you _know_ Paul will bring smoked liver.
Congrats! Good luck on the next thing!
I feel like I'm always opting in... 🤩
Would you even make it up on stage?
RT "How bad could this new Slack thing really be?" you may ask yourself. (You're probably not BIPOC or female if that's the…
This Rwanda Gakenke from (via has got to be the best Rwandan coffee I've ever had... I highly recommend you get ahold of it if you can
Great new set of stickers from !!
And late to the party (as always) with the agreeing and footnotes
Today's Image of the Day: Kate Rubins Works to Upgrade the Space Station -
At this point, #CMGR and #community have _got_ to start rethinking their usage of as it's virtually impossible to pay their fees for most communities without _HUGE_ corp backing, and all their "community management" features (paltry as they are) are woefully inadequate.
Developer Experience is an important marker for success and market growth, and lays this out with some good, recent examples "The Developer Experience Multiple"
RT I'm looking to speak to developers who use Heroku. These are one hour paid research sessions. If you can spare an hour…
This is great! Shoot me a DM and we can get some new swag out!
RT Today is #tabletopdevops day! And at a new time! is joining us to see if we can talk ourselves…
Alright... Who gave Austin Powers privileges to containerd?
RT If we just collected all the taxes the 1% owes but doesn't pay, we'd have $1.75 trillion over a decade. The cost to w…
The "founding fathers" literally created a system that was supposed to be changed... And yet some only use "founding fathers" selectively to keep society shackled
First you have to sign up for the free trial size of maple syrup before you can get the full experience with hot cakes
Why did I click through. Why did I click through.
Personally, when I've had to use a metronome, I've made sure my strumming style matches... takes practice but it comes together. Could totally get on a Zoom around this if you'd like.
Sadly, same
Or merge them and take over the world?
White guys have more than stayed our welcome and "reign" - please someone else take over
I love how when you're performing an OS upgrade with Apple, it goes through multiple reboots, and then _literally_ powers down. Never reboots. So you have to go power back up manually for it to finish.
This reads like a CYA statement to try and distance themselves from a decision.... This is utter bullshit.
It's almost like there's some commonality here 😏
WOW! That's awesome! Congrats!
YES! Thank you! Now if they'd just trickle down to the bottom shelf where we can kick them that'd be great.
Boom. Exactly.
RT 'Time's up': Head coaches respond following NCAA Tournament disparities
Today's Image of the Day: Vision of a Stellar Ending -
RT Matt Gaetz’s uncle-daddy routine with a young man whose actual father lives in Florida is weird and gross.
Congrats! Look forward to where you'll end up!
Spot on plan of action
RT it's almost like all the screeching about how much blue lives matter is purely performative
Especially when his whole statement shows no remorse or regret for his past statements and actions. He has such a long history of this behaviour, it really defies belief that the FSF would bring him back. He's irrelevant, and they're making themselves the same.
RT The fact that Mitch McConnell and Republicans see a bill that protects voting rights, fights gerrymandering, and pushes…
RT To the people of Boulder, we are with you. We are sending you all the strength and love in the world. To the people of…
Fast forward 6 days.... Gunman in BOULDER uses AR-15-style weapon to kill multiple people in a supermarket. The is a terrorist org.
Yeah that's a solid end result. I prefer beef steak over pork steak, but have had some good results recently with pork steaks
I am contemplating doing country style ribs and butterflying a pork butt and then cutting it into portions and cooking like ribs
Oh absolutely. I always go by temp and not time, but have use 3-2-1 as the guide with temp as the parameter to move to the next step.
LOL it's always worked out well for me with fall off the bone ribs ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Looks amazing... Looks like Saint Louis style ribs? What process did you do? 3-2-1?
I'm not on funemployment but I am doing ribs this week
RT CW: rape, assault If you’re like, “Who tf is Richard Stallman and is he that bad?” This man is harmful. This man is d…
Great question... For me, has always been defined by those using the product (either core, or the community forum, etc - whatever the metric is for) during a given period of time, performing some function/activity not just logging in.
Is there any other jeremy-cult? There can be only one.
Certain to boost the team greatness by a minuscule percentage point! Great hire!
RT Getting requests to speak is super flattering and all but just a heads up, two weeks isn't enough lead time even if I R…
Are those ambient sounds from a specific app?
RT The CFP for open in 2 weeks 🥳🥳
RT The question is, how can you interview and screen for engineers who care about the business and want to help build it, engi…
Alright gonna have to find my stretch pants
I have eaten an entire grande box myself, but not sure I could these days
RT Hang it in the Louvre. #DeadpoolAndWolverine #LFG ❤️💛
RT Hughkatana Matata! #DeadpoolAndWolverine #LFG ❤️💛
RT It took seven years and a lot of begging but my Deadpool 2 end credit dreams finally came true… #DeadpoolAndWolverine…
Fuckin HELL YEAH! #DeadpoolAndWolverine
I'd hate to see the other person. Also, sending healing vibes. 🫂
RT If I could, I would hire 10x over. Companies with open #DevRel positions… HIRE TIFFANY! NOW! I don’t off…
Welp, my day is scheduled now.
RT Wait a minute, Qovery's response to being called out for their lack of support for diversity in tech was to threaten leg…
The Bills were wide right on that pick
Yeah....
That's the theme this season
Yeah it was, but it didn't have to be. 😞
Absolutely. Especially with businesses and the decision-makers
Sadly, yes that's the case
Oh that's an amazing idea!
The #FreeSoftwareFoundation has just shown who they are by allowing/welcoming/knob-gobbling that mysogynistic, hateful, out-of-date RMS back on their board. Their relevance to open source needs to fade away.
I'm here for it lol
Yeah and I know there's more to come
Sooo happy for you and excited for the cleansing the next 2 weeks will be!
Today's Image of the Day: Exploring the Earth's Water -
Yeah, no.
All the time.
A great El Salvadoran coffee from and a fresh start to the week via
I feel like and have done some work in this area
/subscribe
Thus legitimizing to pubescent men from that point onward that they can get laid if they treat a woman like shit and that her feelings, intelligence, and perspective don't matter 😑🤬
Maybe Bill Gates is on to something
If I can win Drawful, so can you
RT Whoever's behind this meeping angel is a goddamn genius
Yeah I was an emotional wreck while in line.
As of this morning, I am 85% a walking 5G cell tower and mostly vaccinated against the panini. I also am not ashamed to admit that I was a blubbering mess in the parking lot after the first shot this morning.
In line to get my first today... Well wishes to you as you recover this weekend
I'm playing softball tonight and then getting my first shot tomorrow, so I imagine I'll have much the same reaction
"nights", but we're talking starting the day that way...?
Hah yes... I know. But a chicken leg isn't all that great, or am I missing some magical amazeballs 🐔🍗?
A chicken leg? A highlight? What kind of California life is that?
Hmm... Chicken legs for breakfast? Intriguing. Definitely leaves the day wide open for improvement.
What is Git? A Beginner's Guide to Git Version Control
RT Two types of mental illness: 1)mental illness 2)white supremacy that uses mental illness as a crutch to commit hate crim…
Really good blog post on "How to Hire Community Managers" via
RT . set a goal to deliver 100 million vaccine shots in 100 days. His administration hit the milestone in just 58. Let’…
Today's Image of the Day: Saturn's Spring -
It's why Marvel continues to dominate the genre.
This is unjust and the should do something about it. But they won't, showing how they really feel about women's basketball. cc:
Inspirational. I'm doing another round in the kitchen.
My weather apps ( on the top and on the bottom) are in a sort of mood this evening
Procrastination Level 9000: I'm doing the running man in my kitchen to avoid working on a talk
RT In 1992, Sinead O'Connor ripped up a picture of the Pope on live television, in protest of the rampant child sexual abus…
RT I’m reminded of a fascinating 2009 Rolling Stone profile of Kris Kristofferson written by Ethan Hawke. Toby Keith’s name w…
This would be fantastic
Check out this Refactor podcast with on #DevRel and professional craziness
RT So, the IRS is pushing back the deadline to file your taxes? Very cool. Now, do the rest of my deadlines please.
Yay! Wishing you a positive and speedy recovery!
This is great news for all #android and #AndroidDev teams out there
RT "Also, I haven't see my copy of the Senate Rules since I used it to wipe myself that time I changed SCOTUS to have only…
If you could start a discussion over on that can help us further assist, and would be good to see the config and what image you're using
Such expressive eyes... You know _exactly_ which words he is using
SO EXCITED Rich! This is great news!
RT "Derek Chauvin had 26 incidents before George Floyd. He had kneeled on the neck of 7 people before he did this to the 8th p…
OH: If you're going to take blood money, it should be a whole lot of it
I would be all 3. Perfect combo.
Derek my friend, you've reached new heights. I've only gotten Aviation Gin to like my tweet... You got Ryan living in your crawlspace. Well played mate.
Recently there was a change in the upstream MySQL image that changed the behavior ( We recently pushed a change, rereleased the image, and it should work now. Please try again and let us know on if you are still having an issue.
Today's Image of the Day: March 18, 1978: Space Shuttle Enterprise Arrives for Vibration Testing -
THIS.
And forgetting you put something in on broil: Human Torch
RT THREAD FOR DICK HOYT Dick Hoyt died today. He was so nice to me when I started writing about heroes. So here is his story:…
Totally agree with Emily. The movie on the other hand.......
RT Dear Media: Stop saying the shooter was "deeply religious." People of any faith who murder other people haven't actuall…
Corned beef brisket has finished resting and WOW! So tender and some great spice from the custom garlic pepper rub I used.
And the corned beef brisket is out resting and the burnt (loin) ends are done. For being a bit lean, they're pretty good and doused with BBQ sauce
He's the greatest isn't he?
RT You know who else had a bad day yesterday? The family and friends of the 8 Asian women who were murdered in a hate crim…
Oh please let this happen... #Justified was a fantastic show and Olyphant personified Raylan
RT Excusing away the heinous acts and platforming that white terrorist is racist. From the sheriff calling it a bad day to th…
Yeah it's a 30lb hopper. Only thing missing is a release so I can empty and use different pellets if I want.
I love it so far and it's my first smoke (after the burn in)
Sliced a bunch of the pork loin into sandwich slices, and then decided to cube a bunch for burnt (loin) ends. 乁( •_• )ㄏ The corned beef brisket is at 150F and now covered with water and beef stock and will cook another 3-4hrs to 200F
Right?
#AlicetheBeagle is desperate
Oh it's really good, and the bark has a nice sweetness and spice to it
This pork loin is so delicious
Pork loins are done and resting
RT Learn how to build a Bazel project and set it up for continuous integration with CircleCI:
Hey I haven't gotten email from you in a _long_ time after I seem to remember cancelling? Now I'm getting emails. Your unsub link requires me to sign in &amp; your support says in order to subscribe I have to reply and submit a support ticket. Reported as spam. Do better.
First cuts of meat on the grill are in... Corned beef brisket (left) and 2 pork loins #jeremysMeat #BBQ
RT At least 15 House reps currently sit on the boards of private companies. The For the People Act would force them to resign,…
In Communist Russia the green pinches you. She might be right.
Today's Image of the Day: Ingenuity Helicopter on Mars (Illustration) -
RT Can everyone kludge something together? Sure. You want it to look good, be properly accessible, and behave o…
RT
McConnell is the very image of hypocrisy in the picture dictionary
Happening NOW! Let's GO! #DevOpsPartyGames
I miss the shop we owned from 2008-10. It was very laid back, kinda urban, and appealed to people from all walks of life. It wasn't uncommon to walk in and see a good cross-section of society, with great music playing. Also, ngl had the best coffee in the area.
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble Shows Us the Future -
RT Louder for the kids in the back. Let's drop the whole "reverse discrimination" trope in these discussions. And with…
I didn't know that about Stockholm... Very interesting!
I too bought donuts this morning. They were delish
The Good Place, Schitt's Creek, The Great North, Letterkenny, and Ted Lasso are my top ones right now
Wait till the discussion of whether or not they can keep their job comes
Owning and actively running a coffee shop
Quality tweet right here
Mine just drops on my face... After a good 30min of this routine I finally put it on the charger. Sometimes.
RT Tune in live today at 20:00 UTC+1 for some #DevOpsPartyGames fun! Join
Two weeks late to this brilliance....
RT Jerry Mander may have lost last election, but we should not get complacent for hes liable to run again
HAHAHAHA! You mean the original "political correctness" crap and the Topper Gore crap (parental warnings ok CDs), etc? Yeah, whatever
RT
Very good thread from Emily here on the issues caused by oversimplifying the term "developers"
RT Do you hate bad API documentation? We are studying how to fix it! We need developers who use Google Chrome and have JavaScr…
Oh you'll be crying. I know I would be.
My mistake 🦜
What do you have against red parrots mate?
HELLO BRUNO!!!!!
Much word salad... Props to the "Decoration of Independence" and "Readers Digest"
I get to play this time!
🙌 🎉 💥 Excited!!!!
RT people are really losing touch with the spirit of the Ides of March. it's not just about stabbing, it's about coming togeth…
The propensity to wear a Hitler stache should have been a clue... FFS
RT haha I knew it 🤣
RT I oppose Cancel Culture but support cancelling culture.
RT A met police officer exposed himself to a woman in a restaurant He was not fired 3 days later he abducted &amp; murdered #Sa…
Then this is certainly the launching pad and he's taunting us
With such a strong start, I hope they haven't peaked too early
Brilliant. Starting strong
TIL that the oldest operating Irish establishment outside of Ireland is here in KC, -
RT This dude is simultaneously experiencing every possible human emotion all at once.
To be fair... You're an asshole
RT Breonna Taylor’s death was a tragedy, a blow to her family, her community, and America. As we continue to mourn her, we must pre…
When the weekend hits
I feel like this is hitting me real hard as it's been a year since I was last on a plane, and I echo DaVinci's analysis. Also, this is the first time I've ever said "I echo DaVinci's analysis" so I feel like that's something to celebrate.
RT If there is a more “early 90s alternative” lyric than Dave Pirner singing “how on earth did I get so jaded?” I haven’t he…
RT Helping people is such a good feeling.
Your reply flashed across my timeline before seeing the original, Kat. Glad I wasn't the "jeremy" who posted this blasphemy.
Yeah I tend to ignore the obvious and try a bit too hard.
Indiana Jones, and the Testicles of the Lost Ark Indiana Jones, and the Temple of Testicles Testicles Jones, and the Last Crusade
MMMM MMMM MMMM MMMM
Let's see those B&amp;W's
Oh this is true. Mcdonald's in Poland is the best. They even have Lion Bar McFlurries.
Horseradish? Only put tartar sauce on it
RT When was elected, he said help was on the way—and he delivered. The American Rescue Plan is landmark legislation th…
Now I'm intrigued
Narrator: That's because (checks notes) no Republicans voted for the bill.
RT You can’t have a reasonable debate about voting rights with people who wanted to cancel votes.
RT I may be a member of the "radical left" but I've never participated in an act of domestic terrorism—I just asked that po…
Today's Image of the Day: NASA Needs Pi! -
RT Women have laid down their lives for our military since before we were a nation. They have fought, bled, and died for
I'll bring the marshmallows
Then it's just a local DNS problem
I bet DNS was the culprit though
DNS. It's always DNS.
Great breakdown of 3 primary functions DevRel can serve in an org
RT Next Tuesday! A dope new #DevOpsPartyGames for the EMEA time zone! featuring the talents of
Agreed and I would show a pic of the amazing donuts I had today, but it would be an empty box. Because I ate them. Because they were (amazing) donuts.
RT Hear that? It's Metrics Release Time! 🥳 Our latest release includes 11 new metrics and 5 revised metrics, which means you n…
Say it again for those in the back...
Today's Image of the Day: Japanese Astronaut Soichi Noguchi Works on Station's Solar Arrays -
Yeah that's what I'm thinking too... And having our credit card still on there...
Dang it... Brilliant.
Yeah - those responses I got made me wonder about their support email as it's handled through an Intercom stub, but I couldn't find any other contact. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Ahh yeah forgot about them. I'll have a look
RT it's like there's a gap in the developer experience
So I contacted via their support email and the response was "we don't do that, sorry, but your product looks interesting". I had forgotten about Thanks!!
Anyone know any good online dev learning platforms that offer gift certificates? Would love to sponsor some people as part of conference giveaways, but running into blockers with many different learning platforms that don't offer "gift cards" (udemy, coursera, etc.)
RT Judge Merrick Garland takes his oath of office as the 86th Attorney General of the United States as he is sworn in by A…
No thanks to you. You opposed everything and put in place. You're not very good at this, are you?
Fellow Kansans... Remember that the (thank you voted FOR you on the #AmericanRescuePlan while the ( did not.
RT in which admonishes our intrepid co-founder, and threatens to rewrite his twitter bio. twitter is w…
RT The team discusses some of the trends behind our programming language rankings, with thoughts on: - TypeScript -…
I love working here at CircleCI - probably the best company I've worked for. We have a lot of great openings, and my DMs are open if you have questions around a specific role
What the fu.....?
RT community isn’t the new marketing it isn’t the new customer support or success it isn’t the new product org it isn’t r…
RT Who’s hiring? Let’s get Kelly a real job offer. Also, STOP RESCINDING OFFERS.
I just backed I Survived The "SHIT SHOW" 2020 Commemorative Coin on
Nice timeline cleansing 🧵
Today's Image of the Day: Portrait of a Nebula -
RT Imagine your whole entire deal being the need for fewer people to vote. It’s Piers Morgan type of in-your-face racism. Fasc…
HR 1 is needed. Now.
This is now canon
Listening to the Garden State Soundtrack while laying in my hammock on the back deck.. forgot how much I love this soundtrack (and movie)
Such a great thread illustrating systemic racism
Oh yes... Seen this quite a few times over the years.
RT It’s 2021 and we are all Whoopi.
RT You can use JavaScript to code both front end and back end projects. And there are lots of cool frameworks &amp; libraries t…
GOOD RIDDANCE
RT Dear men who posted “happy international women’s day” earlier this week—time for some self-reflection: how often do you - spe…
RT
Precisely this, because that's how you maximize awareness &amp; get in front of people - GitHub-only presence isn't going to cut it with SEO, etc. Now "fancy" is subjective, but you need a good web presence, along with typical content that lays out use cases, getting started, etc.
Damn.. this hits on many levels
SGML dude. Come on.
That is a big risk for sure. Hopefully you're not learning in a vacuum, and have exposure to other things so you can diversify and see other things you want to learn
Classic ASP is where it's at Tim.
It's infuriating sometimes... Especially when the follow-up from them is often, "oh I know, I'm just trying to get people to discuss" 🤬
Yes! Checking our assumptions at the door
100%! You put it so well. I get posts like that are mostly about engagement, but people have to know how ridiculous they are (like the stupid "bash isn't a programming language" posts).
LOL 🤣 all of the available data (GitHub, Stack Overflow, Redmonk, etc) state otherwise (though JS is consistently top). - Are these good languages to learn? Yes. - Are these the only thing to focus on? No. You do you. Learn what you want.
RT Not only did this man take legal action against the woman questioning their diversity efforts, but he also tried to privat…
Gonna need a recipe, stat!
RT I had never heard of either Romaric Philogène or Qovery, but now I know for sure that I'll never use Using…
It's so fucking good!
RT Turning up to a professional event that turns out to be all dudes and then not leaving immediately is an error of judgement.…
The backstory, in the reply ( proves even more how small a man is. Terribly disgusting and bullying behavior.
RT When we doubled our minimum wage to $70k, the rate of staff having babies and buying houses both grew 10x. All of a su…
Congrats! I now know TWO DevRel/Community people in Bend!
RT Colin Kaepernick, Muhammad Ali, Billie Holiday, the American Right has a much longer history of #CancelCulture than the…
🌅👍🎉👑🐒 that's quite an aesthetic
RT When two people are arguing during a Zoom meeting and everyone else just watches
They are _always_ sleeping
Today's Image of the Day: Stacking Complete for Twin Space Launch System Rocket Boosters -
Not sure who needs to hear this, but today's Twinkies are not as good as the OG Twinkie's
If my git repositories are any indication
RT A Message From Women Everywhere 👊 #IWD2021 📼 #themashreport
Just @ me Ian
Because you're a good person
RT It was an awesome discussion at last night's meetup!! Join us next month on March 17th, 2021 4:00PM, St. Patrick's day ☘️ whe…
RT Travelling #DevRel folk, are you chomping at the bit to get back on the road as soon as 🦠 permits? RT for reach 🙏
RT It’s really sad that there are people who are outraged about Mr. Potato Head, but not about Mr. George Floyd. How telling…
RT Next week is a fresh episode of #DevOpsPartyGames, featuring
20 months to remove a word from your vocabulary because &lt;/checks notes&gt; you're not a racist? FFS what was it even doing there in the first place if you aren't a racist?
RT To anyone working at AMZN and getting RSUs as part of comp, negotiate hard around comp review time (nowish?). The 15% yoy stock…
RT When you're building a #community, you're not just building a 'space' for people - you're building a story centered arou…
RT Nearly 1,000 girls earn elite rank of Eagle Scout for first time in history
Hehe good distinction... Was thinking external-facing
Ahh good distinction... Was thinking external-facing
RT Prince Harry &amp; Meghan Spill Tea And Crumpets In Gobsmacking Oprah Interview; Reveal Melanin-Deficient Monarchy Raised Concerns…
RT for international women's day &amp; every other day: - stop referring to women as girls (it's infantilizing) - stop offering sen…
RT What women want for #IWD2021 • Raises • Promotions • Leadership positions with authority • Credit for their work
Sent you a DM as well
RT ATTENTION SINGLE LADIES: MY HOT FRIEND QUINTESSENCE IS SINGLE. I REPEAT MY HOT FRIEND IS SI…
10/10 would recommend and sign that petition
DevRel/Community Twitter: Do you run any "Office Hours" for your #DevRel/#Community teams? Please provide an answer for your vote as to why you do (with how) or why you don't. RT requested for reach, but not required
" FTW!!
RT every day is Grace Hopper day
RT “Humans are allergic to change. They love to say, ‘We’ve always done it this way.’ I try to fight that. That’s why I have…
Kicking off a new week with a Peru Cajamarca from delivered right when I needed a new bag by
Today's Image of the Day: Electrical Engineer and NASA Astronaut Joan Higginbotham -
RT "How do I properly include trans women in simply observing International Women's Day?" A lovely and well-meaning question! Y…
Yeah for sure - these things don't exist in a vacuum
RT Those who are still attacking Meghan after that interview; even with Prince Harry sitting beside her affirming everything s…
RT The last time this much British tea was spilled there were man-of-war ships in Boston harbor.
This whole thread... Companies like need to know that those of us in tech (especially small communities like DevRel and Community) talk and we share when shitty things like this happen and it will affect how you are perceived. Do better.
RT There is only one man the British monarchy can turn to now
Like, who would have thought? Also, I need to watch it.
RT If you're a developer advocate and are interested in speaking about your role---the good, the bad, and the ugly---on a podc…
I'm in this one.
Right? 17 and had a summer job....
My son just did his taxes for the first time, and when it got to the NPS survey, he proceeded to give the whole process a 0 and then wrote up a big long review with plenty of colorful thoighta... I'm laughing so hard.
And also some other things which have nothing to do with the thing
And then to debate and debate and keep getting the Democrats to make concessions and whittle the bill down and then for none of them to vote for it is ridiculous, disgraceful, and just shows us that the Republican party does not want bipartisanship
Thank you for succinctly laying out the hypocrisy
As a child of the 70s and 80s, I can confirm.
RT Private orbs provide developers with increased privacy, efficiency, and collaboration across teams. This is especially useful…
RT What’s an NFT? Imagine if you could burn a half ton of coal and a small forest to print a “Certificate of Authenticity” for…
This does continue to check out
Cosplaying Yoda and Baby Yoda... I don't make the rules Kat
Wait, I thought ethernet is what Endermen use in Minecraft to communicate??
Happy Birthday to your husband 🎉🎊, and glad you were able to have a responsible gathering!
RT I really like expansion on the definition of Developer Experience (DX) to say that it is "in aggregate,…
This whole thread is some great advice.
RT This is a Texas smackdown.
RT dinomarx volume 1 i guess
That was also my thought
Pandemic hitting everyone hard
The house next door really has a hard on for our house and the rest of the neighborhood
What. The. Fuck?
As a long time #cmgr this is a great thread and experiment!
Today's Image of the Day: Hypergiant Star Canis Majoris -
And those crocs
OH (as alarm goes off on the other side of the bed): "Oh shut your face."
Seeing &amp; hearing about good people in the #devrel &amp; #cmgr space being mistreated &amp; taken advantage of just makes me angry &amp; breaks my heart. If you know of an opportunity for an amazing person who gives all of themselves for their community, my DMs are open &amp; I'll connect you.
Dang I just got mine last week
RT Mask refusers appeal to liberty. But even staunch libertarians know that checking the spread of disease is a legitimate go…
RT I'm very excited to announce our first-ever, Community Internship program! Our goal is to give more people an opport…
I am far from a Tom Clancy purist, so while this origin story for John Clark is different than the book (that I read almost 20yrs ago), I am really interested to see how this turns out and fits into the current Jack Ryan universe from
As a manager, it's my job to make my team look good and that all of the success and congrats go to them. It's also my job to take all of the failures as I didn't put them in a position to be successful.
Dialing into BBS's to access Gopher and Archie services at universities via a 300 baud acoustic coupler modem
Umm... I used this myself
"...the community has to live with the knowledge that no space is truly secure from the threat of police violence. That is a message that is received loud and clear from a very young age." Very good segment on policing and police raids. Watch it.
A duo the likes of which we shall never see again
And the rules that applied before don't apply in the specific instance
RT tech: "this is a golden age of automation, machine learning, developer productivity and great user experiences." also tech:…
RT We have updated our Twitch username! If you already follow us on twitch, no need to change anything! The new twitch UR…
You monster
Today's Image of the Day: Hubble: 30 Years and Counting -
OH: "English is the language equivalent of `Whose Line is it Anyways?`" -
What is this "letter" you speak of?
Now do the 1.9 trillion dollar tax "cut" you passed which gave tax breaks to all your millionaire donors and busknesses I'll wait.
Yeah I was looking at that earlier! Thanks for the heads-up
RT Privilege is being blind to someone else’s experience. This is important.
"I was only doing what told me to do Officer."
For those pesky stains in the kitchen.... There's Kitchen Gun!!!
RT BREAKING: Reports confirm that Black History can still be acknowledged outside of February.
I think I am setting most of that up this weekend
I’ve been thinking the same thing... Would love to see what you have there.
tbh - I don’t care. Whichever one comes up where my friends are
New year, new rankings from the team!
It’s all these needle dick tech dudes spouting the same ignorant shit
RT GOP lingo translation: Election Integrity = Voter Suppression
Yeah they closed ours too
Oh the list is long =)
RT here is what. i plan to accomplish today: 2. bark loudly. but at nothing 7. lose my ball under the couch 7b. politely as…
This is usually a bad sign
Continued condolences to you Ashley and your family.
I _play_ softball... Does that count?
I've also heard this is a good next step manual
Seems like they're taking too long to send it... I have it readily available 😂🤣
Might be the greatest compliment I've received in quite awhile, courtesy at #DevOpsDaysTexas
RT Next up on the livestream ( ) is all of the ignites for day 2:
RT Women put men on the moon so why are we still questioning their abilities and refusing to admit that it’s ingrained sex…
RT Eh, y’all can have the sexist bs. , and are some of the most talented…
Yeah Young Padawan... Back in The Before Times We used to gather at conferences &amp; shake hands and hug people &amp; talk face-to-face about things we were doing and excited about and what our company was doing. And also go out to eat and get in late at night &amp; repeat 4 hours later.
Throwback to the last in-person conference (and travel) for me (and many others)... #devopsdaysnyc
Today's Image of the Day: NASA and the Merritt Island Wildlife Refuge -
Let's not forget Event-Driven Malone and REST Malone
Hashtag all the cloud computing things #contained #bitcoin #success #win #DevOpsDaysTexas #devopspartygames
Upcoming #DevOps Netflix special... #DevOpsDaysTexas #DevOpsPartyGames
OH: “We’re not fisting anybody”
Coming up in a few minutes, #DevOpsPartyGames at #DevOpsDaysTexas!!!!
RT
RT Since there seem to be a lot of hurtful, offensive, and downright incorrect accusations about the KubeCon selection pro…
but what about hating on virtual conferences? does that count?
I really don't get whinging Twitter today... I have been giving talks for years now, and I can't tell you how many times I have been rejected, but it would take HANDFULS to count. And while it sucks, I've never once whinged about it, much less publicly! Feels so self-entitled.
Lots of thoughts in the brain... But a bit like Charlie
RT No disrespect to people's beliefs but: You don't have to be religious or spiritual to have a good moral compass.
Yup, I gave my wife that bag.
So... I have a problem. These are all gone.
And cover with chocolate sauce
Just @ me Sasha
Work email: am now back to close to inbox 0 using multiple inboxes and stars to sort and filter Personal email: 😄😅😂🤣😭
CONGRATS (on the pregnancy, not the blood draws)!!! That's so exciting!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MERLIN!!!
I'll make sure to tell all my other Discords =)
He's good people!
It wasn't _entirely_ about the #DevOpsDaysTexas Discord JJ.... 😄 But that does make sense 😂
Hey thanks! I submitted a talk.
You definitely want to hire Rich.
Serious question: is the 🍉 reaction to someone's comment the new 🍿?
RT We'll be hosting a special #DevOpsDaysTexas version of #devopspartygames this afternoon! Tune in to
RT Trump got the vaccine but didn't want you to know. He didn't want you to believe it was safe. His persona is more imp…
RT I get to build an InfoSec team. Hot damn. Who wants in ?!?! Positions not released quite yet but if you are looking a…
Today's Image of the Day: Kelly Latimer: Dryden's First Female Research Test Pilot -
RT Let us have a minute of silence for all those with more than 50 million dollars in assets - as they face the terrible bu…
It was amazing... Tiananmen Square was awe inspiring, and the Great Wall with the cherry blossoms on the surrounding countryside took my breath away
Thanks. Us old men can lose track so easily.
I loved Beijing and would gladly go again. The race to the train and subsequent ride to the Great Wall are some of my greatest memories... As are the late night dumpling runs.
Yeah, and I have lots of questions now for my doctor when I get my next (and first for all those counting) colonoscopy
I mean... Literal translation ftw?
I'm getting a headache thinking of those smells all together
RT Hey GOP, the Jim Crow era called! It wants its voter suppression laws back
I'm looking forward to anything and everything
RT America is still burning from the embers of fascism and corruption
It's been a bit... I might be wrong
Zan. We will talk tomorrow morning.
Not sure where in Scotland you got it sweet... But all the places I had it and tried it... Not my experience. ¯\(°_o)/¯
I thought those would still exist as the UID stays the same?
Yeah. It's as disgusting as you think.
Nope. I'll give you all mine.
For sure. Everything else on that plate is perfect. But that's a hard NO on the blood sausage.
RT If you were hypothetically taxed 2% on every dollar above $50m, and you have $51m, you would be taxed $20k (2% of $1m), wh…
Hell it's not even this. You get to KEEP your $50 million and just pay 2% on each penny you make after that
RT Dems have a clear choice: they can get rid of filibuster to pass John Lewis Voting Rights Act &amp; For the People Act to stop G…
Just to really blow up their mentions... and
RT CircleCI Offers a Private Option for 'Orb' Reusable Configuration Files #Orb
Brings back memories, as I played the original Castle Wolfenstein in the very early 80s. It was a top down game, and was my absolute favourite on MS-DOS until Wolfenstein 3D came out.
I feel like 5 years is an awful long time to have to wait to meet with #CancunCruz, what with his constant boot licking, trips to states and countries not his own, and general assholery...
OH: "I kind of hate you right now 😜. I mean I get it, but still." Yes. This was said to me.
RT Phrases to avoid when creating educational content: - easy - just - simply - obviously - straight forward
Right? Like, YOU WOULD HAVE AT LEAST $50M!!! And your tax of $50M would be $1M. You would STILL HAVE $49M!! And they always wonder why cries of "Eat the rich!" echo and guillotine sales go up.
Thank you for all the blood, sweat, tears, and endless Product meetings you went through
Ice in your veins.. just let it out!
Right on
RT This is wrong on so many levels and a good way for us all to know who we don’t want to work with. Ty Qovery for the intimida…
RT I can’t believe this! Everyone deserves the right to speak freely, but instead, women are being silenced or pressured b…
RT This was a dumb move from because i never heard of this company and now my only impression of them is that the…
RT A fantastic way to prove you support women in tech is to threaten to sue a young woman in tech like this. Amazing marketi…
OH: I just got the "and Robin laid an egg" from the song...
RT Timeline cleanser.
They are truly amazing, kickass people who I am not surprised that they rocked this. 🙌
Yep. Still got my boxes.
Not not going to say it's true... Also not not going to say it isn't. I have quite a few photos of and I together that definitely look like they could have been AI generated
It is such an awesome photo! I love it, and you!!
Wish I was going! This looks like a great talk
You know what? You're right.
You know, the easiest way to not become the main character on Twitter is to not do stupid shit and say stupid things and send a C&amp;D when your feelings get hurt. It's that simple. It really is.
Well done, especially with a home machine
Certainly feels like something the should look into
Bringing legal action about a post about the lack of diversity in tech and events against someone who is underrepresented in said industry and events, which doesn't mention you, is a surefire way to make me not want to be associated with you or your company. Utterly shameful.
Those are good. But I'll take a Samoa
RT I’ve heard the rebuttal “that’s too tactical” enough at this point to remind everyone that your gorgeous strategy will re…
Samoas. I once bought cases of Samoas to put under my desk at work on the 90s.
Don't hurt me... I don't believe a word of what I said
Well, actually....
The Army band is better than the USMC band
Right? Everyone knows KC BBQ is better
RT In TWO DAYS, we have a virtual DevOpsDays Texas planned for March 2nd and 3rd 2021. It's free and going to be live-st…
RT TOMORROW!!! That's right, tomorrow is the beginning of DevOpsDays Texas 2021! It's free and going to be live-streamed…
Congrats!
I've made the decision to go with the RT-590 ( but I have to wait until the cover comes in stock as I won't buy without it - otherwise I'll keep putting off getting the cover. Thanks for everyone's suggestions!
Depending on what you're doing, you might want to look at or as they likely already have the dashboard you need/want
Happy Monday folks
&lt;/subscribed&gt;
Today's Image of the Day: Mary W. Jackson NASA Headquarters Sign Installation -
Don't forget "futurist" for thinking about the future need for those allen wrenches with that particular piece of furniture
🤓
RT It’s about to be March again. It has never not been March. It will always be March. March.
I can’t get one until Phase 4 here (which is scheduled for June)...
I came so close....
I'll take whatever vaccine I can get, but a C would be on point for me
Yeah that's what I came to know about them and use them
I am the least home handyman you've ever met.
Hmm, I originally thought you were supposed to put them into old holes when they became too week. But then I started to use them for new holes by pre-drilling... Was I completely doing it wrong from the beginning?
The only way I even remotely get them to work is pre-drill a hole slightly smaller, and then use a hammer to set them in. Even then it's often a shit show, and a total waste of time.
RT If you are not into cutting child poverty, if you hate vaccinations, if you object to direct cash payments and unemploymen…
I do all of this... ┐( ∵ )┌
And the other half are being told how to feel about and use their vaginas
This morning's coffee is another Ethiopia Sidama, this time from via the folks at
Oh myyyyy
Definitely not offended... In fact, honoured to be included in an amazing list of people, many whom I call good friends.
I'm in that club too
Agreed. I'll gladly participate in a diverse panel discussion (where I'm the last in and first cut) on an inclusive platform. Clubhouse isn't it.
Sadly, I can believe this.
Sooo good
RT Is there anything more Republican than missing a vote on COVID relief to address a white nationalist conference? Basic…
Wow! This show looks like a lot of things in one! Can't wait!
Yeah, I saw the Gravity yesterday and I was a little bit intrigued. Which Traeger? I'm leaning towards the RecTeq 540 personally.
On which envelope? 😂
RT If an intern has the access and authority to make a mistake so critical that it pwns your org and all of your users, th…
Yeah in all fairness that's probably what I'll get. I don't need a large one as I won't be ever cooking for a horde.
Yeah that's a concern as well since I'll be using it in winter as well as summer
RT NEWS: Several Republicans in the House have skipped Friday's votes and enlisted their colleagues to vote on their behalf, signi…
Yeah that's a bit more than I was planning... Gotta save a bit more I think.
Yeah, I'm now leaning towards over a Traeger but might have to save a bit more than I was planning.
Yeah that's good stuff. I've spent a lot of time over the years on 's but am adding that site to my repertoire
Yeah Yoder's are out of my price range. My wife has some valid concerns around being restricted to just pellets for fuel, but I am not a fan of the trouble charcoal is to regulate...
So I'm upgrading my smoker toolchain this upcoming week from an upright "barrel" smoker to a pellet smoker. Any recommendations? I know Traeger is the default, but heard a lot about ZGrills (who used to make Traeger) and Pit Boss and Camp Chef. cc RT for reach pls
The name alone made me uncomfortable from the start... Perpetuates cliques and I've always been on the outside. A bit surprised that so many in community building use an app/service like this.
Seems like the appropriate use of Twitter's new, stupid feature - thanks !
RT Choosing the right build tool can be a daunting endeavor. Use this handy guide to figure out the best build tool for your pro…
RT I should be sleeping but I'm still thinking about the tweet that said Mars is the planet with the highest percentage of…
This was tried a few years back with Project Ara (Moto also did a similar thing) but it ultimately didn't go anywhere because OEMs have to be incentivized to make their devices last longer than a mobile phone contract. This, however, could have legs.
RT
Today's Image of the Day: Mary W. Jackson: NASA's First Female African American Engineer -
"Saying something is science doesn't make it science. That's science." - on to #TuckerCarlson
RT 67% of Americans support raising minimum wage to $15 hour but it can be filibustered by 41 GOP senators representing just 21…
I like to think he's fun sized
It doesn't. Once you've recovered, you'll have Jeremy.
That's a pretty accurate representation
In a few days you can just put in front of you
W T F? What world does he live in? So disconnected from reality.
RT We're excited to welcome for #texas 2021! Learn more about their talk and others at
Or the Werther's on the floor
RT SAY THAT WITH A STRAIGHT FACE
Yessss
RT You've dealt with an unprecedented health crisis. You've had to alter the way you do just about everything. You've los…
This is the same in Poland too... The most amazing pierogi's and kielbasa in gas stations and truck stops
RT If multiple women are telling you that your unfunny joke is sexist and harmful, the correct response is to acknowledge,…
RT If we’d only known that mean tweets were a disqualifier for public service, we could have saved ourselves 4 years of divi…
Yeah... But more like how many people have left their company and went to a new one, differences being a forced leaving or on their own.
What has the turnover been in the industry over the last year?
Today's Image of the Day: Reflections from a Black Hole -
As one should
Damn it... Now I'm getting Five Guys for lunch tomorrow
Yo
Yes ☹️. ❤️
This is how I grew up eating tacos... My Grandma made freshly grilled tortillas (corn and flour), and the whole neighborhood (seemingly) and in-town family would appear and she'd set a long-ass table and we'd eat and eat
Wow! Just amazing! Congrats!
This 👇 right here
Are you _sure_ you want them to answer that question? I'm still scarred from events when something kinda like that happened to me. Which, now that I think about it, explains a lot.
That's a great idea! Wait...
5 reasons why CI/CD is vital to your organization's value stream | TechBeacon
Oh yesssss
And those responsible for the sacking have also themselves been sacked
Shitters
RT I'm live on Twitch hanging out and hacking with - working to integrate CI/CD in a SaaS app!
The gonads that requires... Or complete lack of self-awareness
Today's Image of the Day: Traversing Mars' Jezero Crater -
RT As a goat I want you to mute during zoom meetings when you aren't talking so that I don't have to come through the com…
scp. That's all.
Cillian Murphy is a washed up actor
Ahh... Those were/are the days, aren't they David?
RT #HackingWithTheHomies is an amazing conference! The rule is the speakers can only use 3 slides and the rest of the talk i…
. is a disinformation shill
Thank you to the players in tonight's #DevOpsPartyGames episode: &amp; You can watch the replay at
FWIW I think it's a _great_ way to say it...
#DevSecGitFinOps conference coming soon #devopspartygames
OH: "It's so cute, I just wanna touch the eye holes!"
T-Minus 1 hour until #DevOpsPartyGames!
RT Ted Cruz stands for nothing — not for any principles (other than his own power), not for democracy (which he abandoned to supp…
Like, there's got to be more of this dystopian wasteland
Congrats! Sounds like an amazing role!
Great thread of some learnings Zan's had around the differences in speaking a year on from everything changing
Countdown to a Sasha cat butt tweet
OH: "Trickle down economics worked... it just trickled down around the corner to the other mansion down the street."
RT This 🧵is beautiful
New business idea: healthy multi-tool
Good question... I see it more like the ancient cubit, which was dependent on the person
The nerve
In a call today, created a new system of measurement... "a head of water"
Fair point... I don't consider Highlander II to be a thing
The movies _and_ the TV shows were so good
I know someone is jealous
RT Tune in to a fantastic round of #DevOpsPartyGames tonight! 8 PM US CT. Featuring
Oh yeah... Redone entire talks all because one slide needed an update
Damn it... Buffer screwed up and didn't include the tweet I was resharing... and I don't even recall what it was at this point... So... I guess it stays as a general statement LOL
Yes, I did that totally wrong. Blink is my chosen (after that kerfuffle) episode and it's never let me down.
Today's Image of the Day: Perseverance Snaps Its First Full-Color Image of Mars -
RT Meghan McCain really just said “The fact that I, Meghan McCain, COHOST OF THE VIEW, don’t know when or how I will be abl…
Oh it's been years since I've done that... I did take the kids through some of the old story arcs for each Doctor and they enjoyed that.
Heh... I started trying to get interested in Doctor Who by showing her the mannequin episode and then the first episode of David Tennet's run - the spinning, possessed Xmas trees... She wasn't impressed, and it's been the kid's and my show ever since.
Y E S. H E L L Y E S
Yeah I missed Edinburgh... I miss you lot
The fact that we haven't already done this seems like a major failure on our part.
RT Something to think about and never forget: these same unregulated Texas utilities who left 25 million Texans freezing and s…
THE WINCHESTER!!
This is the GOP, finally saying the quiet thing out loud
RT "...and how exactly, Mr. Garland, is one supposed to recover late change fees from United Airlines?"
Congrats Mario! Hopefully soon we will be able to celebrate over some pints!
Which MCU character has your energy? Here’s mine, as if there was any doubt:
I was never in, but know enough to be astounded that this wasn't immediately stopped...
RT OMG I can't even, LOL they're so bad I can't stop laughing. Like the message is basically a death threat, drink our co…
RT I will leave it up to Jewish people to determine if Michael Che’s joke was over the line. Not my call. But, it’s a just si…
I almost went with that one tbh... I replied to the tweet with probably a better one...
Same.
"The Devil Went Down to (Cancun)"
"You Don't Know How It Feels"
The fact you had this shitty band on hand to be easily queued up is more scandalous than anything you said. Also - HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT ABOUT KUBERNETES!!!
Going to be a great episode (again!) of #DevOpsPartyGames tomorrow! Don't miss it!
No comment needed
Today's Image of the Day: Alvin Drew: Down to Earth -
Happy anniversary to you both! Such a great chronicle of your last year together!!
Ugh... I like pickles, but not in a drink. Makes my stomach retch just thinking about it.
“In case I don’t see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night.” The most truth moment in the whole film is the end, when the audience says, “What else is on.” Movie still holds up after all these years.
Same.. I then saw it once or twice soon after release to DVD, but this is the first time in probably 20 years
It’s been so long since I’ve seen it... Loving it all over again
The emotional manipulation as a kid to keep Truman on the island is so troubling
RT For decades, John Lewis not only gave all of himself to the cause of freedom and justice, but inspired generations that fo…
The product placement that the "Show" puts in for its viewers is great! "The Real World" aired in 1992, with Truman Show coming out in 1998, and we'd already accepted the lie of the "reality show".
Hah - just got to the part where the "viewers" of The Truman Show (two bored security guards) lament how you never see Truman and his wife have sex
How long into The Truman Show do you think it took people watching the first time to wonder "What happens when Truman masturbates?"
Watching The Truman Show from start to finish for the first time... Jim Carrey is sooo young!
Here's 4 of our dogs doing what they do best... Sleep.
Going to have to dig really deep at this point
Thanks for upselling! Lol
Oh FFS... Yeah was using IFTTT to send tweets when a new DevRel post goes out from Hoopy... seems they pushed a BUNCH all at once lol.
What were you seeing?
Depends... You applying?
Ugh I hate how IFTTT does this...
New post on #DevRel via - Is developer relations forgetting the people who run software in production?
New post on #DevRel via - Developers love webhooks, you should too
New post on #DevRel via - Documentation tooling: the open source way
New post on #DevRel via - Managing a multilingual open source community
New post on #DevRel via - Creating the DevRel identity for your company
New post on #DevRel via - Where do data science, AI, and software development converge and diverge?
New post on #DevRel via - The four pillars of support in developer relations
New post on #DevRel via - SEO for technical articles
New post on #DevRel via - Make document translation work fun and productive
New post on #DevRel via - Boost your developer site with localisation
We're doing a lot of hiring at and now's a great time to join! If you (or someone you know) loves social, and loves building out campaigns across social channels, with proven skills in the area, then this role is one to get excited about!
This is actually a really good idea / /
RT Pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act.
RT
RT This blue squiggly shape is Texas’ 35th congressional district — more than 80 miles of extreme gerrymandering. Stop blaming…
So let me get this right.... You think regulation is GOOD and protects against this price gouging that comes from operators who are only in it to make money...? But isn't this also you? 👇
Then how are you allowed to be in Congress, much less vote?
RT Today would have been John Lewis’s 81st birthday. As we honor his memory, we recommit ourselves to carrying on his legacy…
RT In case you needed the reminder that Facebook is awful.
RT Want to hear something neat? We have a great #DevOpsPartyGames episode on Tuesday, featuring
YES! This 🧵 on Bitcoin
Took you long enough #CancunCruz .... Oddly enough the weather looks a bit nicer now than when you were fleeing and blaming your daughter
I'm really looking forward to hearing your keynote Taylor! You're going to rock it!
I mean... I'm not NOT jealous
Those are in addition to...
5 big hugs and 2 deep, soul gazes
I would totally pay to see this happen
This thread is comic gold! Also... 😥
W T A F?
A bit late to the party... But evidently I'm Donna? 🤔
It is so effective
RT if the requirement for open source AI is the entire corpus of training data, there will never be open source AI. consider mod…
Yeah I get that. There are people who swear by it, and people who hate it. ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯ I have always hated it. What about a docs system like Docusaurus? Easily link to docs in Google.
Lol no I was being a jackass
By just not using it.
It depends...
I'm halfway through The Anthology, and it's so fucking good. I'm gonna need to teach a master class on all the ins and outs of the story here.
"I'll tell you something about my good name, it's mine alone to disgrace. I don't cater to all these vipers dressed in empaths' clothing." - "But Daddy I Love Him" FUCK YEAH. Mowing my lawn, tearing up. HELL YEAH.
It depends, but I would generally disagree, with that process from MQL to SQL being very nuanced depending on the company's product, stage, etc.
I feel an ignite talk coming along PJ
It depends 😉😂 Here's the thing. Talk to your business groups. Find out what they are driving towards. Identify activities you can do that you can tie to help them, which are successes for you. There are very few things that apply for all.
That makes sense to be fair
It depends... 😜 But move away from vanity metrics and look at things that drive impact in the company. Be careful about # of leads and leads tracked to sales... Wrong lever to pull and easily gamed. And don't track # of accepted talks - that's out of your control.
RT Y’all are mad about uwubernetes? I named my release after a sloth with sunglasses on. named his after br…
Thanks again for those who attended my #cdcon #OSSummit talk, and to the and for having me. You can find all of the slides at
I go through all of that to illustrate how software development has evolved over time via #DevEx, leading to where we sit with IDEs now. Things we didn’t know we would want back in the 1960s are now commonplace and the expected norm now in the 2020s. #OSSummit #cdcon
We're now at the stage where we have cloud-based IDEs (at differing stages of competency) like Cloud9, GitPod, and Codespaces that make fully configurable dev environments accessible from anywhere #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
Then in late 2000s to mid-2010s things got lightweight and more user-configurable with Sublime Text, Atom (miss this!!!), and VS Code - all of which focus on speed, user-friendly interfaces, and extensive plugin ecosystems (i.e. #community). #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
Now I'm hungry
RT Empower #communities at work the same way you would in an IRL community: One person at a time with shared purpose, on-boardin…
Agreed, but also.... I just wish the media would learn to ignore him.
"Meet the bunnies who helped people survive 2020"
RT Using Docker-based CI increases the efficiency of your pipelines. In this post, find out how to build a CI/CD pipeline with
Oh it has definitely not gone away, it's just become more evident to the rest of the world as Trump is no longer providing cover to the GOP and their insanity and hypocrisy
I would totally play Mario Golfing with Biden
How will he ever have time for golfing?
RT Ted Cruz voted against Sandy relief for New York. New York’s congresswoman, just raised over $3 million for orga…
I asked the (coincidentally all-dude) booth attendees at a conference if they had women's sized shirts, and their response was "Yeah we have unisex!" and were completely confused when I told them that unisex is just a man's shirt.
RT What does it tell you that a New York Democratic congresswoman raises $3.2 million in relief for Texas while a Texas Republica…
Had to justify the cost of the shipping... 😂 Also, FedEx wants a LOT of their international to go through their central hub of Memphis... Seen this happen many times and it's so frustrating. Like, you could have driven to Vancouver and picked up the package in less time.
RT 😂#Developers - who loves #coding puns?
Vaguely remember that
Remember those nights of getting in at 3a? I miss them so much.
RT THREAD: What does voter suppression look like? Here's what Georgia Republicans stuffed inside ONE of the nearly 50 anti-voti…
I found the whole, unedited show with some amazing snippets (riffing on /making fun of "Sweet Home Alabama" for instance during a tuning stop) that I have never seen before in this playlist
Great analysis thread of Nirvana's Unplugged... One of the best in the original series. "The Man Who Sold the World", "Pennyroyal Tea", and "Something in the Way" are my favourites on that album.
In addition to choking on a drum stick
They've been fantastic for me as well!
RT Trump blames windmills for “causing cancer” Republicans blame windmills for the #TexasBlackout Don Quixote bizarrely attacke…
Oh Aydrian! So sorry to hear this! Thoughts with you during this time.
Interesting. Let me introduce you to the 27 Amendments to the Constitution which were all introduced &amp; ratified since 1791. The Constitution was ratified 3 yes earlier in 1788. The Constitution was literally written to be rewritten if we didn't like it. You're despicable.
RT BREAKING: Alaska also has “wind mills” and they don’t break down in cold weather because their government isn’t totally…
It's the right hill to die on. CI/CD is a mission critical component that you need a best in class service for
So jealous... I have to get up from bed to use the toilet... You get to just lean over the bed and use the chamber pot.
Yup. That's about the exact feeling
Yep. Branched off into multiple conversations... I can say I finally accomplished something on a Friday.
Legit this is why I take extras of everything whenever I go to someone's house
Yikes, flashbacks.. In the mid-90s I worked at an ISP and the number of times I had to troubleshoot winsock errors over the phone w/ people who were trying to figure out how to use the internet and/or a computer for the first time legitimately probably aged me a few years
I have never been a big gamer but I would totally be down for this
I never was a gamer 乁( •_• )ㄏ
RT I get it now. Ted and Heidi Cruz wanted their children to be safe, to have basic sanitary services like heat and running…
I guess that makes sense...
Very millennial...
I just responded "kk" to someone instead of "ok" so how's your Friday going?
Oh yes they're awesome!
This is my entire career... And why I no longer code for a living
I guess I know what I'm doing this weekend
It's exactly what I want in an Ethiopian... Not over roasted, with the fruity juiciness present without having to search for it
I've always loved Ethiopian coffee, and this natural process Sidama region single origin from Windmill Coffee Roasters ranks up there with some of the best I've had. It's one of the reasons I love my subscription!
RT The US officially reentered the Paris climate accord today.
English is hard
RT I wrote a thing! Choosing the right (build) tool for the job
Today's Image of the Day: Perseverance Rover Lands on the Red Planet -
Taking my youngest to Sequoia in the summer... Love these trees!
Isn’t this essentially what Mulesoft provides? They’re more of an API Gateway, and RapidAPI is an API Marketplace
It totally holds up and it's often better the 2nd or 6th time through
A little timeline cleanser courtesy of Alice and Biscuit
Getting up early just to see if you had to go to school...
RT I thought it couldn’t get worse for Ted Cruz then I learned he ditched his pet poodle at home named Snowflake when he…
RT Today we released private orbs, which help developers share configuration privately across multiple projects, exclusive to th…
EAT PRAY LOVE MOMENT!!! #CancunCruz
Spot on quote in this 🧵 "We are living in the consequences of malicious and incompetent management over the course of years and generations and no one responsible will admit their part or work to repair the damage."
Quality content right here
RT Everyone: Kevin McCarthy is the most cowardly Republican out there. Ted Cruz: hold my Mojito
Come join me at CircleCI - this role won't last long I'm sure!
RT Legacy matters. Love deeply. Live well.
Just so we're clear, I absolutely did not wet myself with excitement while watching this #MortalKombatMovie trailer....
RT definitely the most important thread of the day. the history of medieval rabbit serial killers.
Well, it's been 349 days since we left DevOpsDays NYC, so... 350 days?
Follows the same marketing style that made OnePlus a pariah... He believes that "all hype is good hype" and all this catchy "nothing" stuff I predict will be a big negative and they'll have to change the name. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
So it seems is exactly who we thought he was... Shocker. #CancunCruz
Today's Image of the Day: Showcasing the Rover at the Perseverance Engineering and Technology Overview -
RT Private orbs are finally here! Join our live webinar today at 10 a.m. PT to discover how private orbs help developers increas…
RT Cannot believe Triscuit, America's sweetheart, only has 6,900 followers
RT For Lent, I’m going to start doing all those things you’re giving up.
Empathetic, warm, trustworthy
Sounds fun
CI/CD is such an important piece!
Congrats to Corey for his NYT profile!
CircleCI vs Shippable configuration: comparing build elements via
RT You guys do realize that Rick Perry, the guy who presided over the deregulation of the Texas power grid in 2002 ran our entire…
RT OpenAPI 3.1 has been released, here's a thread on the resources I already have to hand for this amazing new version. The hu…
The "Top 3" were certainly a given, and could be interchanged amongst themselves and no one would really disagree... But there are quite a few on that list that I'm a bit shocked at.
RT Conservatives haven't figured out that the Cancel Culture doesn't exist. It's just adult accountability. Welcome to th…
I hate that I grew up listening to and parroting that monster, but grateful that I stopped listening by the time I had turned 20
I suggest trying both... I had a number of issues with Restream and went with Streamyard instead. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Facebook Realstream? Or are you referring to Restream? I used Restream for a bit, and Streamyard just did everything better, and even added support for group calls before Restream does. Has Restream gone through a feature upgrade?
And let's not forget this is who Trump thought was deserving of a Presidential Medal of Freedom. He wasn't. At all.
As Limbaugh has died, let's not forget the abusive and racist and homophobic and misogynistic comments he made over the years, and which influenced many conservatives and the GOP into what it largely has become
RT nature is healing
RT Important to note that just before the Governor of Texas went on Fox News to talk about Green New Deal he was telling local…
We are loving the OrbitModel at CircleCI... A good thread from OhMyZsh maintainers on some of the insights they're seeing
You can't spell "snow" without "NO" #wtforecast
That's a great picture!
Yikes... Did you at least have a good view?
Today's Image of the Day: The Empire State Building Illuminated for Mars Perseverance -
RT UPDATE: 1 in 20 Americans is fully vaccinated. 1 in 8 have had at least their first shot and every state in the country has…
See? There you go. You gave up increasing anxiety through cocaine. #winning
"(Raising the minimum wage) should be done gradually. No one should work 40 hours/week and live in poverty." - YES!!
Oh it is sooo good. Seen it 6 times.
Yeah switched to 1Password a few years ago as well, and have no complaints
Yeah.. also, why would you do this to me?
Yup
Always swearing... Give up booze, and how will you get your daily water intake? Also... Preemptively give up cocaine. I feel that's a good one that has such good, long-term benefits.
Solid business idea
RT And it worries me when I see a "definition" of #community where "market" is the whole potential of a community
I mean... Think about the branding opportunities
RT If you say a bunch of racist shit and then claim you’re being censored for your “conservative beliefs” you uh... do real…
WHEEE!!!!
Today's Image of the Day: Astrobiologist Kennda Lynch Uses Analogs on Earth to Find Life on Mars -
Oh definitely handles up... Been stabbed entirely too many times with knives and forks to do otherwise.
May I please get 2 followers to copy and re-post this tweet? I'm trying to demonstrate that someone is always listening. #SuicidePrevention 1-800-273-8255 Just two. Any two. Copy, not retweet
Pics or it didn't happen
RT
Yep, certainly feeling this way now #whattheforecast #wtforecast
RT Community reaches across your entire business. Community isn't marketing. Community isn't support. Community isn't sa…
RT Looking to get into #DevRel? Some skills you'll need that aren't related to code or content: 💚 Empathy 🏗️ Managing multiple…
It's been rough, but I personally work to stay engaged with the team and identifying ways to adapt what we were doing in a way which sets us up to have impact now and when things return, and use the time to learn the things that they've been trying to learn but haven't had time.
Thread...
Yeah, this perfectly encapsulates adulthood
Right? Might be something there
Well, to be fair, they were an advanced civilization, so anything is possible
I bet they didn't make any crap IPAs
RT This morning, there’s a survivalist in Texas, prepared for anything with his 37 machine guns. He’s trapped at home because h…
They said 6 months ago that we could just drive normally.. and now they're telling us to stay inside and proceed with caution. Proof that Goodyear is in on it
Glad it's back, because Fight Club to finish off _anything_ is stellar
Well, I mean, I'm sure Elsa deserved it
With the filibuster in place, and Senators like Ernst threatening to use it during the impeachment and then stall Biden's agenda, the balance of power isn't all on the Senate Dems unless Schumer starts playing hard ball.
It's a really all a round good show
Timeline cleanser...
I agree they should have called witnesses. I'm not convinced it would have made any difference with the Senate GOP. I see the political play there would have run the risk of damaging the next few years.
This also isn't the end of it as Trump has more potential to be held accountable with all of the existing cases (State and Federal) than by the Senate.
Correct. It's not. Impeachment has also been shown to be ineffective &amp; we all knew he wasn't going to be convicted with the spineless GOP. Calling witnesses that already had said they weren't going to show up drags it out and doesn't allow any movement forward on Biden's agenda.
Good thread on the 2nd impeachment witness issues from the lawyer on the 1st impeachment
You tell me that one all the time
Tl;dr
Happy Valentine's Day
RT I never want to hear Republicans talk about law and order again.
RT “The only way to reverse minority rule is through big structural reforms like abolishing Electoral College, eliminating fili…
Three for girls, and four for boys
OH: "It's like prostate cancer in your 70s.. you're probably going to die of something else."
Geez this thread... I've worked at a few of these places in the past
For sure! It's amazing
RT Kitty Letter has arrived. Download it now. It's free.
RT I bet Mitch McConnell gives great inspirational halftime speeches after the game is over
RT Mitch McConnell lighting up Trump from the Senate floor right now and saying he’s guilty as charged immediately after…
Narrator: "dictionary definition of both hypocrite and coward"
Yep.
RT MITCH MCCONNELL [on January 19th]: "The mob was provoked by the president." MITCH MCCONNELL [today]: "Not guilty."
7 Republicans put country over party. Out of 50.
You might have something there...
It's for an audience of one. The decision was already made to acquit by Republican's and nothing is changing their minds.
Personal injury lawyer gotta grift for the grifter
In this frigid cold, I appreciate and 's #wtforecast app for keeping things interesting
Yeah lol. I love those phone calls. I like the ones where I'll be referred to the "Magistrate" for failure to file my taxes
This is rhetorical, right?
RT Anyone who votes not guilty can never say they support police ever again.
Just don't get into a wreck on the way to the hearing
What's the ROI?
This is the one I remember seeing some of
RT What an unbelievable cave by Democrats here. They cleared the first witness vote — and then decided that they wouldn’t c…
RT The entire Republican Party was in a blind panic for an hour and Democrats’ first instinct was to be like “jk! we would n…
There is this which came out of his CLS talk And this from ATO last year
Yeah I'm still working my way through it and almost done
It is a good book!
Oh yes! Every Sunday morning my dad would make french toast on our griddle before Church
During the pandemic, close to a year on now, in the interest of good health I propose normalising sending your friends a daily update on where you sit on the Bristol stool chart
Oh they're the best for pancakes and grilled cheese!!
Won't happen since just folded like a bad hand of poker.
WTAF? you should be ashamed of yourself. You had Republicans literally joining you to vote for witnesses... You have the power to do what needs to be done... And you weasel out of it. McConnell beat you at HIS game. Resign. Let someone with balls take over.
Oh he talks a big game but he'll never testify because he's a spineless, cowardly, small man
Unless you're a serial liar and grifter and your lawyers actively try to keep you from testifying
RT Michael Van Der Veen is too emotional to be a lawyer. Perhaps he should smile more.
Kicking off the weekend with something I rarely drink, a coffee bean blend. I've always been a single origin guy, but I trusted the roasters at via for this one, and I'm not disappointed
I'm sure some tech bro vc could help with that
I love pulling up to a stop light next to someone not paying attention, and then pushing in the clutch so my car starts to slowing move backwards, and see the other person frantically try to apply the brake HARDER than they were, thinking they're moving forward, not me. 🤣😂
You're always wanted in a battle Brittany, but you can keep Chiberia to yourself
Yeah we are supposed to be in single digits or negative digits all weekend and some snow too
I see your 31F in Austin and raise you 6F here in Kansas
A clear distinction that is lost on them
"Real World Development" by via
RT people get "canceled" for being conservative because conservatives decided their movement has to be intertwined with racism, s…
Hey - so this was part of our WFH giveaway at the end of last year! Sorry you missed it! Keep on the lookout though as we have more things to come!
RT Donald Trump could walk onto the floor of the Senate right now, and say: "You're goddamned right I ordered the Code Red.…
I bet _it's_ not connected to a computer
This is fine.
RT Friday 🤩
Holy shhhhhhiiii.....
Yes, it's bullshit that they "cancelled" her for being conservative. But grifter gotta grift....
You look good Tim! Love the beard (wish I could get mine to look that good!)
FrontPage 2000 brought plugins and integrations to make web management easier (FPSE anyone?), and then we got an influx of tools (Netbeans, Eclipse, Visual Studio, etc) that offered enhanced functionality, code completion, language/framework support, etc. #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
Microsoft followed suit by purchasing FrontPage from Vermeer and releasing it under their name in Oct of 1995. Macromedia followed in 1997 (acquiring "Backstage from iBand) with Dreamweaver. Hands down one of my faves, and was so community-driven #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
The world wide web (that's what "www" means kids!) exploded in the mid-90s as IDEs started becoming more graphical. The first WYSIWYG editor was WebMagic, built by SGI in less than 90 days and released Jan 1995 (great read here - #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
Did you know that Borland Delphi (released in 1995) was one of the earlier cross-platform development tools? And it's still around! develops it, and they _just_ released v12.1 (on the day I gave this talk no less!) #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
Early reviews of IDEs as a concept weren't great - in 1995 Computerwoche (German counterpart of "Computer World") commented that "the use of an IDE was not well-received by developers since it would fence in their creativity." 🤯🤔 #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
HP released Journals from 1949-1998, &amp; in the June 1990 volume they dove into HP SoftBench, and laid out what an "Architecture for a New Generation of Software Tools" looked like via the tool. Well worth a read (pg 36 on) - #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
One of the first IDEs with a plug-in concept was HP SoftBench (who else remembers it?!?) in 1989, was based on UNIX and OSF/Motif window manager, and shipped with its own library (on ebay now for $128.08 - #OSSummit #cdcon #devex
We've seen #DevEx evolve over the years, and a good example is the evolution of the IDE. One of the earliest text editors was Vi (1976), which according to this Illiad comic, we've evidently been mispronouncing all along #OSSummit #cdcon
A #DevEx definition I'm using comes from my good friend &amp; co-founder "the journey of developers as they learn &amp; deploy technology. When successful, it focuses on eliminating obstacles that hinder a developer or practitioner from achieving success" #OSSummit #cdcon
Thanks to all who attended my "#DevEx is central to #DevOps Success" #OSSummit #cdcon talk There were a few things I touched on that I am going to include in a thread because 1) I found them interesting, 2) a few of you did as well, and 3) because 😝🤣
Lol that's what we would do in perl and cgi back in the early days
Yeah I love this new reminder letting me click the existing tab - but sometimes my muscle memory is too quick and I end up hitting enter, thus opening a new tab, and increasing my open tabs n+1. Yay.
To those who attended my talk at I'm sorry I was delayed in sending this out, but here are the slides to my #devnexus talk on DevEx's importance to DevOps success
It is there - it's Shift-Command-A on Mac, but I too never remember that and end up going to the 🔽 in the top right of Chrome to find my tab, and then going "Oh yeah, that's what the shortcut key combo is!" and then promptly forget. Rinse. Repeat.
Right? I can't imagine that actually works?
Yeah...
This series is one of my favourites, and yes, I shed many a tear as I'm a weepy lil' baby
WTF? This is peak tech bro bullshit marketing, using LinkedIn to send a stupid ass message to get me to interact with his service, which is based entirely on giving him my blood work? Fuck all the way off dude.
RT Can we please cut the shit here? NPR is being held to a ludicrously higher standard than an outlet like Fox News, who do jus…
What's old is new again. The circle of life. History repeats itself.
RT We would love your suggestions on prompts for upcoming episodes of #devopspartygames! Just pop them in this handy form…
Today's Image of the Day: Bernard Harris: First African American Spacewalker -
Geez.. you don't have to be all passive aggressive about it
RT The president, first lady, and first pups inspect the large heart candy statues on the White House north lawn, put in plac…
Just wing it.
Don't forget wolverines and ferrets
Don't worry about it.. you'll be fine and funny. Probably.
But don't overthink it either
Hah yes! Wait... What?
A great set of participants again for #devopspartygames!
I know for Google Sheets you can set notification rules in Tools... They used to have settings in Docs but they seem to have removed it?
Just @ me next time...
My favourite Lion King gif
Ummm this has been the case for years.. I spent 11 yrs at one company only to get 1-3% inc each year while execs get 30%+.. Over the last 10 years I've moved between 5 jobs w/ 35%+ pay increase &amp; upward movement.. This is how it is. I think you're a bit out of touch my dude.
RT Last year, we saw huge changes in software delivery and faced new challenges in every enterprise. So, where do we go in 2021…
RT Optimize your pipelines and shorten your development cycle in 2021 with these CI/CD best practices. Learn more:
No keyboard, I do not mean "ducking"
I bet they were bringing Trump's healthcare plan
Yep. And in many cases it is toxic.
RT Voyage of the Moons Created using still images taken by the Cassini spacecraft during it's flyby of Jupiter and while…
Coffee has water.
Reported for spam, reason: "using the reply function to spam"
was testing it out a bit
Today's Image of the Day: Crystal Clear: Observing Crystal Growth on the Space Station -
Oh my yes that's a good memory
Tony Hawk is legit the greatest.
Bravo
RT Today’s lesson: Armed White people can violently attack the citadel of democracy and live. Unarmed black people can try t…
I like to keep track of my food
OH: "Freedom Sausage and Democracy Sausage are as different as butt dial and booty call"
Ok, just wanted to be clear
This would be an awesome recipe to submit to Amara's birthday recipe repo
Where's the evidence to the contrary?
Timeline cleanser
Hey - do you want to have any hope of salvaging your legacy for the generations who lived through this &amp; those to come? Or do you still hold some sense of "loyalty" to the man who whipped up the crowd into a frenzy to try &amp; lynch you &amp; your family? Do the right thing.
I used to have to open the garage door by hand so my mom could pull in the station wagon
RT How do leaders make the most challenging decisions during critical times? With BOLDNESS. More here, must watch:
In any other Congress this would be a smoking gun
This 👇🏻
Finally figured out why Zoom meetings have that familiar vibe to them..
"JUST FRACKING PLAY WITH ME ALREADY!!!!"
So are you saying that CZ is the new Noel Fielding?
RT The brain is divided into two halves: the good half and the evil half. The good half likes positive things like Self-E…
Today's Image of the Day: The Coalsack Nebula -
You space it out
That's why you weigh your coffee for brewing
That blurry line is the taste testing talking
Not the only one. Nope.
Anything to do with Mattress Firm and South African conglomerate money laundering?
A snack
Brutal....
RT I keep wondering if Barack Obama would’ve urged thousands of black and brown people to travel from wherever they live to Un…
RT RT if you think the minimum wage should be raised to $15/hour
RT Interesting that no one ever talks about how McDonald's CEO making $8,653 an hour will drive up the price of a burger and fri…
Would be some really interesting companies to start with some of my domains....
RT seven hundred articles about kitten lawyer and not a single one tells me what snap camera filter it was? some journalism
This is who McConnell is and always will be.
Oh this is a good movie... Some great twists and misdirections
RT Setting your HTTP client to follow redirects:
Totally feel seen and attacked.
Visionary
I'm waiting for to say something false there...
RT Join us in a few short hours for #DevOpsPartyGames - Don't Call It A Comeback (EMEA)! Featuring
RT All because of shoving after the shove time was over 🤷‍♀️
Yeah then one of each would make a lot of sense, and why I really like the versatility of the LumeCube lights
Today's Image of the Day: Sunrise Over the Pacific -
I mean are you going to do vlogging while moving around? Or are you staying in one spot at a desk with space and monitor, etc?
RT Ignore the propagandists. Traitors organized a coup and must be brought to justice if the Republic is to survive. Nothing…
Choices, choices... Yeah that gives you some flexibility
I have two of them. Love them. The stands break down into 3 different ways to mount the lights. 10/10 would highly recommend. 🤩😂
RT yup
Underrated Movie Night Monday: Venom
Noooooo!
RT The two prosecutors Biden is keeping on: the one investigating hunter Biden’s taxes, and the one investigating the Obam…
Thank goodness
Okay boomer 😂🤣
I have that fear for myself, but I know how I've been getting with no "physical people time", so I think I'll be fine, but my personality may be a bit out of whack
RT Open source is people.
Ugh.. every family reunion was the stereotypical cheek-pinching by the long list aunt's and such...
I hide those cheeks under my beard for a reason Matt
Found some old high school graduation photos...
OH: "Frenchy's are the tech bros of the dog family" -
That pillow design 🤩😊
RT Picard management tip: Debate honestly. The goal is to arrive at the truth, not at your preconception.
Had this sooo many times... Never gets less annoying, nor do I magically remember to preemptively charge it.
OH: "When you must use something shitty, use Meetup!"
RT 🔥 The clearest picture of the sun from NASA
RT Tomorrow! A new #devopspartygames episode for the EMEA league, featuring
Today's Image of the Day: Jeanette Epps: Astronaut and Aerospace Engineer -
The only 2 losses Mahomes and the Chiefs had this year (the 3rd was with a team of backups) came against TB and LV, and his OL couldn't stop the rush.
RT Don't get it mixed up. Serena Williams has 23 grand slams, four Olympic gold medals, and cleared one of those titles while pr…
Me thinks this dude and Ben Shapiro are friends... Or at least never pleasured a woman. What in the holy hell...?
RT We may never know who truly won.
Congrats to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers! They did what no one had done over the last 3 years.
He's done as well as he can while running for his life the whole game since his OL can't block 4 rushers every down.
Literally. They can't even block the fan running on the field.
RT A first-of-its-kind moment. Coach Lombardi returning to inspire the nation. Witness it now. #SBLV #LombardiSBLV
Tampa Bay's defense came to play, knowing their front 4 was better than KC's patchwork offensive line, and Mahomes has had no time to get anything going. It's not over, yet, but it's getting close.
RT Coke clearly choreographed the Pepsi halftime show
And yet so apropos
LETS GO CHIEFS! #RunItBack #ChiefsKingdom #SBLV
RT The perfect Super Bowl cleats don't exi- (via
Apologies to all my followers, but most of my content the rest of today will be about #SBLV and the #KCChiefs #ChiefsKingdom #ChiefsvsBuccaneers
RT Sure feels good to be back. #SBLV
RT RIP George Shultz
4 hrs, 30 mins until #SBLV and I'm watching stories on the #KCChiefs in preparation. LET'S GO CHIEFS! #ChiefsKingdom
So sorry for your loss Ashley. ❤️ Thoughts and prayers for you and your family.
She is your daughter. So "advanced six" is the bare minimum.
Here's the commercial...
I mean.. "truth bongs" sounds more fun and safer than "truth bombs"
This #snl commercial about has got to be the funniest thing I've seen on in awhile
RT Swinging into the show with and
RT News is breaking that Trump just committed Federal wire fraud during his campaign. That's 20 years per charge - and the IR…
RT The Wyoming GOP just officially censured Lynn Cheney for her vote to impeach. The Arizona GOP censured Cindy McCain and ot…
Totally agree... It blew my mind so much that I saw it 6 times in the theater, taking people to see it each time that hadn't seen it before, to see the wonder and amazement in their responses and our discussions afterwards
Congratulations to Alex Smith!!!
I literally was just having the same thought and was typing up an outline when I saw your tweet....
Geez Gareth.. I’m right here.
They speak the truth!
Burn it all down.
RT The pandemic hit in 2020. We should not use 2019 income to determine relief eligibility.
And the bag goes “ribbit” when you open it!!!! I’ll show myself out.
One of the most beautiful goals I've seen in awhile... #ManUtd #BrunoFernandes
RT WHAT A GOAL! 🔴 #MUFC #️⃣ #MUNEVE 🏆 #PL
"So... Have you seen the bathroom? Ok. Good. Maybe don't go in there."
OMG... Such a great night! And you thought the best BBQ couldn't be found at a gas station (h/t 🤣😂
I have the GO by itself, and then 2 broadcast kits which include a GO each if I recall. They also have some other nice options.
Glad to! I've made the mistakes myself
I've honestly loved the as they are able to be used with a desk setup and then used with your dslr/mirrorless when traveling
Take advantage of this amazing sale from an amazing artist!
All white assholes in tech this month
Ahh... love me some ska!
I've kinda pieced mine together with a variety of elements like a RODE Podcaster mic, Lumecube lights, Sigma lens for solid aperture for use as a webcam, Sony a6100, Elgato camlink 4k, and different mounts for all
Brittany has the Sony a6000 which is a good, cheap (~500$) mirrorless camera that can be used as a webcam. I use the a6100 myself.
RT Believe women. Protect women. Be kind to women. Sometimes I can hardly believe what we have to deal with.
Do you already have the dummy battery pack?
Had usb issues trying to do this and ended up going the capture card route instead. I have an extra if you need.
Nope.
I'm expecting Kat will receive tweets beautifully drawn on 3x5 cards
RT 'I urge my colleagues to look at that image and tell me what message you think it sends' — Rep. Steny Hoyer reflecting on…
We all know people like that... Who'll show up with ice picks and shovels to anything.
The way Roy tortures Jamie... I love it and relate so much. Especially mid-season.
Absolutely.
When I was training my baristas they had to pull 10 perfect shots in a row, and had to taste each one so they knew how good/bad they were. Caffeine has never affected me (for better or worse) but that wasn't the case with them. They were jittery and wired after a 30min session.
It should be
RT In the history of legal pleadings, this is one of the best opening paragraphs ever written.
Sign up for bottomless via the link in my first message and get good coffee delivered automatically... Plus your first one is free 🤓
It's _really_ good
This week's coffee is a Kenya Baragwi AA from via
Maybe it was because we all know what "flag" you pledge allegiance to? And if it wasn't good enough to offer during Trump... why offer it now? #QOP #QpublicanParty
Today's Image of the Day: Taken Under the 'Wing' of the Small Magellanic Cloud -
Take care of yourself! Twitter will still be here (😑)
Congratulations!
That's me! Scorpio's finish what we start!
Or the joyous '/kick &lt;channel&gt; &lt;nickname&gt; because you're an asshat'
Yeah, luckily I don't have an iPhone
Tears have healing power... You have power, and friends who love and care about you!
RT We stand on the shoulders of those who came before. When Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat, she was lifting all of us up. Toda…
Are you saying Inspector Gadget was the original DevRel?
Go go gadget nads
A valuable resource here for any organisation that has a team devoted to working with a community
It's on !!!
These. Are. Gold.
I just noticed the shade thrown about "Space Force" two days ago... Love it
RT Another #devopspartygames appears! The EMEA league is back in effect next week, with
Tunnelbear, ProtonVPN, and NordVPN are my preferred reliable options
Today's Image of the Day: Apollo 14 Arrives in Lunar Orbit on Feb. 4, 1971 -
Oh that's right... We were planning a belt. I'm losing my brain.
True thought leadership here. I concur, they are terrible.
It really is soo good... Personally seen it 6 times. It's been so good for my soul.
Oh he's both
The fact that you just pulled this out of your ass does not surprise me at all
After tonight, I no longer will refer to the Republican Party as the GOP... Instead they are the #QOP and #QpublicanParty
This is a great idea... What would it look like? I mean, we could just give a likeness of Fabio with Paul’s face on it?
He _was_ carrying the mantle of DPG Thought Leadership until you destroyed him Kat, so you know....
